# The Prophecy of the Monster Who Devours the World

Out of the oracle, the [Pure Blue Light](/p/4338fe85846e448a8de3cad2246860a5), there is a prophecy.

A prophecy which speaks of a monster which will devour the world. A great one will rise up against him…

The prophecy cuts off there. The page is torn away. So no one knows if good or evil triumphs in this final battle. Only that there shall be such a battle.

Or perhaps it is just that it is bound to devour the world, but its time can be delayed, forestalled…

***

The Lion believes that **he** is the monster. But he pretends that he thinks that *you* are the monster. Then when the second piece of the prophecy is found/revealed midway/late through the game. He smiles.

And reveals that *he always knew that he was the monster.* He will devour the world and return it to Eden. To lost happiness.

But then when you triumph, he says… no, how can the prophecy be untrue? Here [MansBestFriend](/p/2e58a4c24f8e4bf2a6779f1fd191a209) intervenes.

Because he acted out of love, not selfishness. In the end, love will devour the world. The age this prophecy speaks of has not yet come to pass. But you are an echo, Nightfall… a shadow of the future, not the past. A sign of what is to come, at the very end. Body reunites with soul, for a time.

People cherish life… for life is a gift.

Sunset is the monster. But he is also Nightfall. Nightfall is the monster. Nightfall means the end.

[Sunset](/p/e86dde5ef894493cb5e1f93855b62c83) really *is* the monster…

Important:

It’s a double fakeout. At first you believe that it’s some ominous enemy, then you think it’s [Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c), then you come to learn that it really *is* Nightfall.

**In the end, love will devour the world. For love is a monster… it destroys everything, and no one really knows what it is.**

Sunset is only a symbol of this.

He is a shadow of the future, not of the past.

An echo of a word which has yet to be spoken, not one which has ever been uttered.

The “devouring” is breaking the [Starbus](/p/e91ff4dce0f8469b803a6d314663f59c) system and choosing to reunite the shadows with their bodies, the [Citizens](/p/d7ca438af1474c278031d0c9dd870c42) with their hearts.

Restoring, healing all that he can.

He devours the world because he keeps it in his heart.

Is the monster love?

Love destroys everything. It is more powerful than death.

In the end, evil will not destroy the world, but Love.

Love will destroy the world.
