# FAQ (Todo)

Q: How do they find the library?

A: Maybe she finds it on the Starbus register. It's listed.

Q: When does Lion discover that Lucy can sing a new world into being?

A: He himself remembers that she was with the surveyor, before the disaster. So he knows that she had the power.

He didn’t always remember this consciously. It was only while reading through the great library that he found it out, or recalled it. This actually begins the game.

Q: Wait, but I thought all the books in [the library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303) were blank?

A: They had almost faded away by the time he got there. But the time he was finished reading, everything had disappeared. By the time Lucy and Sunset get there, nothing remains (except [The Atlas](/p/57b8f60842394ece9e38713428e85455) and [The End](/p/96f5dcec0cba496fafc1e25040a57b07)).

Q: But what is it, exactly, that clues him in?

A: He personally goes over the photographs of each echo, **checking to see if it’s someone he remembers**.

Q: Is this what wakes them up?

A: They remember one another and [this intersubjective thing ("activation")](/p/6186266638ff44bc9fa48d3cb912f53b) is what awakens them. It just happens to be simultaneous with Lion remembering from their worn faces.

Alternatively, there could be a huge energy burst coming from the sector caused by their mutual recognition.

Q: What is the difference between citizens and shades/echos?

A [citizen](/p/d7ca438af1474c278031d0c9dd870c42) has a super-tangible body but shadow heart, whereas a [shadow/echo/ghost](/p/da622103663d4fad8372a8769414cc25) has a shadow body, but a living soul.

Q: Where does [the Library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303) and the river fit in?

A: The library is where the [Primal People](/p/2f7c73ff336643cfab6933e00eb6b40e) kept a record of all known information.

Q: What are the [Depopulation Teams](/p/56cb1fe4b44c40209f6739ce34830eb8) doing at the edges of the empire?

A: They burn down the buildings with extremely faded shadows in them under the pretext of exterminating ghosts (for the sake of the citizens). This gives the lion the pretense to secretly gather the ghosts which are powerful enough to register as having a yesterday on the [Prison Planet.](/p/fde64cac01824d63a685fa2cd4695b38)

Q: Why is it necessary for the prisoners to shoot snakes?

A: The whole planet is condemned because of a snake infestation. This is why it was removed from the [Starbus](/p/e91ff4dce0f8469b803a6d314663f59c) registry. You have to shoot snakes to keep them from getting to you or the warfighters. They say that the planet is cursed.

Q: What about *the registry of the dead*?

A: This is another name for [The Library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303)

Q: Why are the ghosts being taken to the prison, again?

A: See above. It is convenient to collect them for centralized processing. It is good to keep them in a remote place because of the immense energy some of them might have, and because [Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c) is doing all this in secret.

Q: Why was the main port in [The City/The Labyrinth of Lost Dreams](/p/10e73639c05f4ed1bc3262e2e8d8296c) never repaired?

A: Lion and the citizens travel outside the city so infrequently that it fell into disrepair. Privately this is in line with Lion's intentions. Through a mixture of deception and intimidation he is gradually closing off the [Wizards](/p/e3ff55f45f0143ebac643c1cc37813a3) from the outside world.

***

## The Lion’s Motivation:

Ok, so he wants to find one of them for his mysterious purposes. But there are many, and he’s taking his time going through the list.

He wants to find one that he remembers being keyed to a ***universal reconstructor***. So he can repair the world. But he wants to repair it under his own design.

But what would the lion even want for the world?

To return it to how it was.

*“I want to go home, too.”*

What conflict, then?

He wants to go so far back that no one else can exist. Really, if you go back, you have to go back alone. It is the same as destroying the universe, or formatting a hard drive. There is only enough space on the “USB stick” for one file (lion). He would be able to re-import himself into the old world which is created by the combination of the theodolite and Lucy (through a certain ritual).

Q: wait, how does the remembering work?

A: It’s very simple. Curiosity led him to the library, now he’s sorting through the shadows until he finds the one he remembers. But there are so many that this takes a long time. Because of her special significance, Lucy is able to escape with Sunset.

Less of this mystic memory stuff.

Q: does lion destroy [the Air Protocol](/p/39af5dfd7ca34fd2ad511129944e10c9) purposefully? Or does it just turn off when he leaves

A: it’s more interesting for it to be intentional. He’s got what he wants, now he can shut everything off. Shows him to be selfish.

***

Q: Who is [Lucy](/p/dc866b99f5794c99874dbaae8479870f)? Who is [The Surveyor](/p/c7964e9075b3441eb4bd789fd283aa6a)? What is [the Theodolite?](/p/dacfbbf983bc428483bfc033e194a678) What's all this about [The](/p/96f5dcec0cba496fafc1e25040a57b07)/[End](/p/a2ad74c520014a0c8070f22f5930797d)?

A: Lucy is a living battery keyed to a universal reconstructor, the theodolite. Both were created by the Surveyor. The universal reconstructor has the power to return the universe to a former state. But it does it by overwriting all that exists. It is like a wishing stone. The surveyor alludes to it as "something which can fulfill your heart's desire."

She is raw energy, unchannelled.

Love is the answer. The monster hiding at the end of time, who will devour the world.

[MansBestFriend](/p/2e58a4c24f8e4bf2a6779f1fd191a209) tells you this. He appears, surrounded by [Witnesses](/p/71f7bbe694b74dde9a39c628cfc1e9ff) You're different. You're an echo from the future, not the past.

Q: How does one get to [The End](/p/a2ad74c520014a0c8070f22f5930797d)?

A: Possibly... simply passing the edge of the universe. Or overloading the starbus system or visiting every destination at once. Or even entering a keyphrase from the surveyor. The ultimate [secret,](/p/8745a29a9b92485c8e2a965fd6875a37) an anagram of the answer to all the others.

Q: What about [Sunset](/p/e86dde5ef894493cb5e1f93855b62c83) ? Who is he *really?*

## References

[Citizens](/p/d7ca438af1474c278031d0c9dd870c42)
[#0 Center Core (for tabbing) \[start here\]](/p/c106892177514a958047b864876a4fd5)
[Heuristic](/p/524eb9903ec947958380c82b26bac7e6)
[The End](/p/96f5dcec0cba496fafc1e25040a57b07)
[Prison Planet](/p/fde64cac01824d63a685fa2cd4695b38)
[Starbus](/p/e91ff4dce0f8469b803a6d314663f59c)
[Location: The End/Nowhere](/p/a2ad74c520014a0c8070f22f5930797d)
[The Library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303)
[Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c)
