Gameplay ideas:

**User accounts**: Not for DRM, but for immersion and skin in the game. Some paths get closed forever, unless you want to fork over the full game price again.

**Source Code:** I don't know anything about coding, but this game should be encrypted. I mean that nobody should be able to datamine to find secrets out. There should be some things people are still finding after 10 years. No game genie. No cheatengine. This is real.

**Player:** make him sweat. You know the feeling. In Dark Souls. You're tired, but you keep pushing on, again and again, no matter what happens.

**"x"**: This will be different for every player. There are a number of options. We see it throughout the game... It plays a very small part. Maybe at the end you can find out what it is. Maybe not. The big mystery.

**Ideas:**

Game starts at GAME OVER in red text in a black background. When you press any key, you realize that the text is 3d, you’re actually in an arena..

It's gotta be first person. It has to be.

**Permanence:**

When vital NPCs die, that's it. Beyond this, maybe the most important lines of dialogue will only play a single time.

\*\*Transfer: \*\*The next version of uber. Only drops once per game. If you look into the night sky, you can travel to a distant star. It's random, whatever you pick (it’s not random, but how’re you gonna know any better?). Each star is another world. Not randomly generated. If you want to travel manually, you gotta spend 30 mins on a "desert bus"-like traveler to get there.

**His Master's Memories**

***
