Another name for the library: **the registry of the dead**.

*Decedent record.*

Maybe it is in the center of the [The Graveyard](/p/8c61516daa304a7da75a31432d1c6e04) on the grave planet.

Lion went to the library long before any of this, just through idle curiosity. There he began to remember his past life.

It was this remembering which boosted Sunset and Lucy enough to begin the game. Or was it that **they remembered each other**? Maybe make it less "spooky action at a distance."

Before Lucy is kidnapped… you look for home coordinates in the **Library**. Lucy is as much of a stranger as you are.

The only thing she knows which you do *not* know is that it exists and it contains the sum of all known information. Or it did, before [the big rip](/p/1d8d81535d8546efaf7e01bf32f7471f).

“We should go to the library.”

All books in the library are blank except for two:

1.  [The Atlas](/p/57b8f60842394ece9e38713428e85455).

2.  [The End](/p/96f5dcec0cba496fafc1e25040a57b07).

A dark river runs through the center of the library. I can see it in my head. It is a long room with two walls covered in books. Maybe many shelves extending into darkness. It is all very grey and dusty.

She is dissatisfied by the old map, which has an X through the name of her home (she pages through the index to find the name, which it is only forbidden to utter, not to think). And the coordinates have been scratched out.

She doesn’t want to accept it, so she decides to look through the library.

You can wait for Lucy to go through every single book (which in real time would take hours if not weeks months or years… she methodically goes to every single one, or you can go to [sleep](/p/c6ada77226e24eab9558973d33216c8c).

As she looks through the books, she idly tosses each one into the dark River (which extends forever into the darkness).

Maybe the river flows around and through each shelf, like a grid. So there is always place to toss something into it…

“In my homeland, they used to tell a story…"

She tells you the story, then falls silent. That is when you can watch her or go to sleep.

If you sleep, you [dream.](/p/c6ada77226e24eab9558973d33216c8c)

***

There is a bridge in the center of the library spanning a vast dark river.

You are awakened by her calling you. Her voice echoes through the cavernous halls. “Sunset!”

When you awaken, you see that the river is littered with books (**maybe**)

You get up and go to her. She needs you help pulling away a shelf which she notices is a little askew. The shelf is the very last shelf, in the far back left corner.

It reveals a vent. You crawl in the vent and explore for a while. Maybe it’s very very very well hidden.

But anyway, this is where **you** find [The End](/p/96f5dcec0cba496fafc1e25040a57b07).

After you reveal the message, Lucy is not consoled.

She is still dissatisfied. It is not until she is in Lion’s captivity that she sees that it is gone. Maybe Lion’s palace and the city is the same planet as [Home](/p/a20eec20a73b4baf90f96bd591b6d7ee)? But it has lost its essence.

After you look at [The End](/p/96f5dcec0cba496fafc1e25040a57b07), you hear a rumbling. Lion invades, takes Lucy away, and leaves you to contend with your first messengers. The battle destroys the library completely. Levels it.

Maybe from the messengers you find some hint as to where the Lion lives. Maybe the Weatherman clues you in?

But you can also find a chip on one of the messengers which tells where it came from? Manufactured in…

Otherwise there is no sign as to where he went, and it’s a big universe.

Maybe at this point you are interrupted by a cosmic helper, who shows you where to go next?

Cause otherwise you’d be lost. [Your Star](/p/8ea13698180a4c3a8c71d9ac4f956c5f).

Or [Maxwell/Firefly](/p/fa265d0089834a398c8b7a51bd6d8cb3)

Always need someone to hold your hand.

However, it could also be simply that this is the point where you're dumped in [the Lonely](/p/2e52e2f53aea40569e46d4db26a5cb37).

## References

[The End](/p/96f5dcec0cba496fafc1e25040a57b07)
[TODO List (SOS)](/p/4742b7c786aa444fb1e01144c78d2890)
[Another Synopsis (top-down) \[best\]](/p/735c96da2df5451eb19b2b2a6b342e74)
[The Graveyard](/p/8c61516daa304a7da75a31432d1c6e04)
[Sleep/dreams (status system)](/p/c6ada77226e24eab9558973d33216c8c)
[The Empire](/p/d85eed9c903b45ae80d803c44ba66be5)
[Activations](/p/6186266638ff44bc9fa48d3cb912f53b)
[Story Roadmap (with scenes)](/p/64c71b1bfb2a4717a53593ce05b258f8)
[Synopsis (another one)](/p/21d29c8fa11c46c3aeb6b26c29a1505e)
[Obnoxious Questions (used to flesh out the game) Annoying Questions FAQ](/p/0b6fa809714a4d62bc688da4979df27b)
[Home](/p/a20eec20a73b4baf90f96bd591b6d7ee)
[Elevator Pitch 3 (bottom-up)](/p/c60cc3e805e545fd886efd133271279c)
