Synopsis (another one)

Watashi No theme superimposed over before/after of every character in the world/ominous scenes (the stars drawing their swords…)

Nightfall and Sophia waltzing in the dark to the music, bare Sunset the field of snow in his dream
Lamentation Song

***

For a long time I’ve been working on the design doc(s) for an epic (in the sense of the genre) shooter I have no real inclination of making (but I enjoy the process of imagining it): Song of Sophia.
It’s just a combination of everything I like the most, or an attempt to refine my aesthetic preferences into a rarefied, pure form. Pseudo-sci-fi shooter that takes place in an empty, bombed-out, grey world. Not crowded, plenty of beautiful neo-classical cities. But they’re just dusty and deserted, pale cenotaphs under a dove-grey sky…
The story is that this is a world that has suffered a profound loss, so deep that no one understands it. I don’t want it to be nukes or anything, just something that remains a **mystery** to everyone. I like that ARG thing.
The [Primal People](/p/2f7c73ff336643cfab6933e00eb6b40e) the original architects, are gone, and all that’s left are their echoes. The primal people were so “vital” that their echoes have form, and life, in the same way that they say a 4d object would cast a 3d shadow—they were so vital that the sounds of their voice cast living echoes, though as the ages go by these all fade in volume and approach extinction.
At this point, I have to introduce the antagonist, [Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c).” Lion is a huge white lion, one of the primal people’s pets who assumed power after they disappeared. He commands an army of [Warfighters](/p/64a95ac03b7546249ebe255b2b2fd8a6) (99-to-1 machine/man cyborg-AI soldiers… undead battlesuits) and [Messengers](/p/ad88bd18603b455db621ae9f9243c7e4) (huge white mechs with flaming swords), which he uses to shepherd the last echoes to [prison camps](/p/fde64cac01824d63a685fa2cd4695b38) in remote parts of the universe… *he does this instead of destroying them because, in his heart, he fears [the prophecy, that at the end of time a monster will devour the universe](/p/03ed3db7a132404dbc0c094de353e46c) … unless a living song rises up and sings a new world into existence.*

Italics stuff above is unclear

He is worried that somehow the echoes/shadows/ghosts contain the key to defeating the monster.

[In a crumbled villa on a world among worlds, the player, “Comet”, is discovered by a warfighter depopulation team.](/p/41c70b5d8c814f7b8fe9d4e152fdf43b) He’s taken to the prison (**on the pretext that he owes a debt on the property, which belongs to the lion, like everything else in the universe**), where he meets “Lucy,” another echo. Together, they’re forced to work killing snakes in a garden.

Lucy & Comet find out that the only [Starbus](/p/e91ff4dce0f8469b803a6d314663f59c) is on the other side of a vast desert.
[Range teams (snipers)](/p/77860d6ebf5241c68d6f433d7ea7d9b2) are hunting for them. They have to pass across the vast desert in silence, by night. While they’re traveling, Lucy realizes that she can’t continue using the drug she’s become addicted to in prison, because it produces a flame. Even the slightest non-natural light is enough to attract the warfighters. So she has to go through horrible withdrawals. While she writhes in pain, she admits that she is not a Princess, that she just lied because she thought Comet wouldn’t help her if he knew who she really was.

Comet is a mute, so he can’t express anything. While they’re waiting there, she sings, to keep herself from dissolving into intractable nausea. I intend for her to sing from time to time, during the game, and to have this be the only music (as a means of building affection in the player). [I also want all lines of dialogue, all songs, and important character lives to be tied to the account you used to purchase the game. If a character dies, that’s it. Only the echo of an echo will follow you through subsequent playthroughs. Same for if a character says something or sings. Once they’ve said it, it’s over. They’ll never say it again.](/p/1685a994ac7b4f0f9d79cad42388e2a4)

After they cross the desert, the Lion appears. Word has reached him that Lucy is a princess (a warfighter passed it forward, in line with the Lion’s decadent tastes… he likes to devour princesses, because he’s a libertine, essentially^1^). He snatches her in his jaws and disappears, leaving Sunset alone to fight against three messengers.
After this battle, he goes to [The City](/p/10e73639c05f4ed1bc3262e2e8d8296c). Unlike the undeveloped planet where the game started, the capital planet hosts a large, though deserted, capital city. It’s so large, actually, that it’s kind of like a maze, and Sunset would be in danger of being lost in it if he did not meet, posing on a pediment, the epicene municipal spirit, [Liberty](/p/f92b3507b1bf46cc81c6c04fb40efa41). [Liberty](/p/f92b3507b1bf46cc81c6c04fb40efa41) helps him along (he fights police warfighters and heavy duty messengers at this stage, along with "[sorcerers](/p/e3ff55f45f0143ebac643c1cc37813a3)," distant descendants of the  primal peoples who have lost their forebears’ nobility and use their ancestors’ magic powers for selfishness).
Sunset fights his way into the palace at the center of the city and either saves Lucy or fails to. The Lion, afraid of Sunset’s tenacity, flees immediately, but not before a brief struggle which ends with Sunset deciding whether to take one of two keys—the key to the warfighters, or the key to the messengers. Whichever one he takes, from that point forward, he fights alongside those enemies against the side he didn’t choose.^2^
At this point however (as soon as the lion escapes), due to the absence in the throneroom, “devils” begin to swarm over the universe. These are black-colored, horned, batlike creatures which emerge from the most distant regions of the world and pour over everything and devour it.
Fighting these, Sunset pursues the lion “beyond the stars,” a dark, abyssal region of space that is overrun with huge, primeval serpents (made of stone, styled off of aztec mythology) and “the devils beyond the darkness.”
When Sunset finds the lion, he discovers that the Lion has been running to “Heaven’s Door,” a gateway beyond the ends of the universe where the primal peoples have promised would be the place where the hero would defeat the villain and open the road to heaven. The lion believes that he is the hero, and you are so stubborn and violent that you must be the great evil mentioned in the prophecy. As such, it is his duty to destroy you. He believes he will… as he is invincible, this seems pretty reasonable. As he says he “…cannot be killed in the night or the day, indoors or outdoors, by sons or daughters or mothers or fathers or by anyone living—or even by the dead!”
But sunset, an echo, is none of those things, and Heaven’s Door exists in a region of perpetual dusk, and he has to strike blows against the Lion as he is passing through the gate (neither indoor nor outdoors). This is, of course, ripped from an old Hindu myth, but stfu.
As the Lion dies in Sunset’s arms, he weeps, says he loves you, and that he’ll always miss you. He thanks you for letting him play his part in the order of creation. Then he dies, and the game ends.
\*\*\*
If you play it again, the Lion will be a ghost, and if you ever fail to save Lucy, she will be a ghost as well.
To keep people from freaking out while trying to play casually, I intend for there to be a switch you can flip where everyone is a ghost (but not wiped from the game), if you just want to play with friends, practice, or whatever. The real story stuff should be saved for a personal, private session. In this ghost mode, I think it’d be funny if everyone mocked the plot from the game. Like the lines of dialogue mocked the real lines of dialogue, or were just genuinely funny stuff… rule63 mode? Maybe this could be updated long-term. I’d hope to be able to get Yung Gud to do the last song. Obviously this is all an impossible fever dream, but it’s fun to dream about it, just the same.

“I want to go home. Help me."
“I can help you. Treasure."
 “I lied. I’m... nothing. Don't go."

1.  This is no longer true. In fact what prompts this is also why he has established the prison. He is looking for those things which remind him of "yesterday."
2.  I just realized that this version fails to include [The Library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303). I still need to jimmy that in to the plot.
