Song of Sophia
Friday, April 17, 2020
2:49 PM

1.  Unnamed Sci-Fi story

This story takes place in a far future science fantasy universe, where entropy has made the spirit of humanity fade until nothing remains but echos/shadows. the universe is under the tyranny of a white lion with a black star coloring of fur over his eye.

Consequently, the shades have little or no memory of their past. But Sunset wants to save the world, to make things return to how they were.

Song of Sophia. You play as Sophia (Lucy), with Sunset, and happymap. MAPPR

Do you lie to him, or tell the truth? He could be your only way out.

The good doctor. I’m an old friend of yours. You don’t remember. Under heaven, everything in its place. He was just a pet. Remember that.

Blonde prisoner who trusts the lion, wants to see him to understand. not yet Faded so much that he doesn’t remember when the lion was good, one of mankind’s greatest creations. Our most loyal pet.

Beginning: I don’t remember anything before waking up in this place. Do you?

Prisoners on the planet
“Alcion 4”

Imprisoned because the lion fears the prophecy that someday the echoes/shadows will restore the universe. “Sound shall come from a dying echo, and light from a dying shadow.”

Lucy is the Echo, Sunset is the shadow.

The echo and the shadow.

Choices: ?

If Queen Sophia sings her song
The evil ones will run along...

Apocatastasis, who believe that you are the echoes of the two primes, the last of the undiminished. They propose to use the messengers and the warfighters to restore the world to how it was.

Return it to how it was, or make the world anew? If it becomes as it was, it’s just going to deteriorate agaun

***

Created with OneNote.
