For a long time I’ve been working on the design doc for an epic (in the sense of the genre) shooter I have no real inclination of making (but I enjoy the process of imagining): Song of Sophia.

It’s just a combination of everything I like the most, or an attempt to refine my aesthetic preferences into a very pure form.

It’s an FPS which takes place in an empty, bombed-out, grey world. Giant ruined art-deco cities. But they’re all faded and deserted, [under a dove-grey sky…](/p/fb6b5900675c4d0fb13bb8d4c148b25c)

The story is that this is a world that has suffered a profound loss, so deep that no one understands it. I don’t want it to be nukes or anything, just something that remains a mystery to everyone. I like that ARG thing. You can play the whole game with your brain shut off and never figure out what’s going on, but it’s there.

The [Primevals](/p/2f7c73ff336643cfab6933e00eb6b40e), the original architects, are gone, and all that’s left are their [echoes](/p/da622103663d4fad8372a8769414cc25). The primal people were so “lively” that their echoes have form, and life, in the same way that they say a 4d object would cast a 3d shadow—they were so lively that the sounds of their voice cast living echoes, though as the ages go by these all fade in volume and approach eternal silence.

Another term for these echoes is shadows. Neither of these metaphors hit the mark, because the actual process is hard to explain. But the terms are used interchangeably.

At this point, I have to introduce the antagonist, “[Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c) .” Lion is a huge white lion, one of the primal people’s pets who assumed power over the world after they abandoned it. Due to the [keys](/p/b416261f502a4586ad3f4dc1353346e7) that he pilfered from his former masters, he commands an army of [Warfighters ](/p/64a95ac03b7546249ebe255b2b2fd8a6) (99/1 machine/man cyborg-AI soldiers) and [Messengers](/p/ad88bd18603b455db621ae9f9243c7e4) (huge white mechs with flaming swords), which he uses to shepherd the last echoes to [Prison camps](/p/fde64cac01824d63a685fa2cd4695b38) in a remote region of the universe (perhaps, imposter that he is, he’s afraid that they’ll remember that he’s out of place).

## *warning: above plot point makes little sense!*

Maybe he is worried that if he messes with them or destroys them it will trigger some response. So as a collective he does not want to destroy them, just keep them at some arbitrarily low number. Once the two escape and separate themselves from the pack, all bets are off. But why does he want them to go away, anyway? What is the inciting core of all this?

Maybe…

***

In a ruined villa on a world among worlds, the player, “[Sunset](/p/e86dde5ef894493cb5e1f93855b62c83) ”, is discovered by warfighters who are searching for survivors. He’s taken to the prison, where he meets “[Lucy](/p/dc866b99f5794c99874dbaae8479870f),” another echo. Together, they’re forced to work killing snakes in a garden.

Lucy & Sunset find out that the only space terminal is on the other side of a vast desert. [Warfighter rangers (snipers)](/p/77860d6ebf5241c68d6f433d7ea7d9b2) are hunting for them. They have to crawl across the desert in silence. While they’re traveling, Lucy can't keep going, because she was weakened by the recent [activation](/p/6186266638ff44bc9fa48d3cb912f53b) … While they’re waiting there, she [sings](:/dfef9d0db513447fb8a3e67f8df01524), to keep herself from dissolving into intractable nausea.

I intend for her to sing from time to time, during the game, and to have this be the only [music](/p/4f10d741d1b949dda6606a9af27b0225). [I also want all lines of dialogue, all songs, and important character lives to be tied to the account you used to purchase the game. If a character dies, that’s it. Only the echo of an echo will follow you through subsequent playthroughs (with each death, the echo fades, darker and darker, until it finally disappears). Same for if a character says something or sings. Once they’ve said it, it’s over. They’ll never say it again.](/p/1685a994ac7b4f0f9d79cad42388e2a4)
After they cross the desert, the [Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c) appears. Word has reached him that Lucy is a princess (a warfighter passed it forward). He snatches her in his jaws and disappears, leaving Sunset alone to fight against three messengers.
After this battle, he goes to the capital planet. Unlike the undeveloped planet where the game started, the capital planet hosts a large, though deserted, [capital city](/p/10e73639c05f4ed1bc3262e2e8d8296c) city. It’s so large, actually, that it’s kind of like a maze, and Sunset would be in danger of being lost in it if he did not meet, posing on a pediment, the androgynous municipal spirit, [Canto](/p/f92b3507b1bf46cc81c6c04fb40efa41). Canto helps him along (he fights [Peace Team](/p/3cb671899d6e4f15a8d2fc4076e56356) warfighters and heavy duty messengers at this stage, along with [sorcerers](/p/e3ff55f45f0143ebac643c1cc37813a3), distant descendants of the primal peoples who have lost their forebears’ nobility and use the remnants of their ancestors’ magic powers for selfishness).
Sunset fights his way into the palace at the center of the city and either saves Lucy or fails to. The Lion, afraid of Sunset’s tenacity, flees immediately, but not before a brief struggle which ends with Sunset deciding whether to take one of two keys—the key to the warfighters, or the key to the messengers. Whichever one he takes, from that point forward, he fights alongside those enemies (either the messengers or the warfighters) against the side he didn’t choose.
At this point however (as soon as the lion escapes), due to an absence in the throneroom (which leads to the collapse of [The Air Protocol](/p/39af5dfd7ca34fd2ad511129944e10c9)) the [devils](/p/a22030bec1ff40e587d2146fb95be185) are loosed, free to swarm over the universe. These are demonic, horned, batlike creatures which emerge from the most distant regions of the world and pour over everything and devour it. Primeval chaos and destruction.
Fighting these, Sunset pursues the lion “beyond the stars,” a dark, abyssal region of space that is overrun with huge, [primeval serpents](/p/f118167e8a4f4bf58bfd839673c964c8) (made of stone, styled off of aztec mythology) and “the devils beyond the darkness.”
When Sunset finds the lion, he discovers that the Lion has been running to “[The End/Nowhere](/p/a2ad74c520014a0c8070f22f5930797d)” a gateway beyond the ends of the universe whereby the primal peoples have promised would be the place where the hero would defeat the villain and open the road to heaven. The lion believes that he is the hero, and you are so stubborn that you must be the great evil mentioned in the prophecy. As such, it is his duty to destroy you. He believes he will… as he is invincible, this seems pretty reasonable. As he says he “…cannot be killed in the night or the day, indoors or outdoors, by sons or daughters or mothers or fathers or by anyone living—or even by the dead!”
But sunset, an echo, is none of those things, and Heaven’s Door exists in a region of perpetual dusk, and he has to strike blows against the Lion as he is passing through the gate (neither indoor nor outdoors). This is, of course, ripped from an old Hindu myth, but stfu.
As the Lion dies in Sunset’s arms, he weeps, says he loves you, and that he’ll always miss you. He thanks you for letting him play his part in the order of creation. Then he dies, and the game ends.

***

If you play it again, the Lion will be a ghost, and if you ever fail to save Lucy, she will be a ghost as well.
To keep people from freaking out, I intend for there to be a switch you can flip where everyone is a ghost (but not wiped from the game), if you just want to play with friends, practice. The real story stuff should be saved for a personal, private session.  In this ghost mode, I think it’d be funny if everyone mocked the plot from the game. Like the lines of dialogue mocked the real lines of dialogue, or were just genuinely funny stuff. Maybe this could be updated long-term.

I’d hope to be able to get Yung Gud to do the last song.

Question: what is Sunset doing at this point, when the warfighters discover him? Is he in some lovely technicolor fantasy that they break into?
And could it be possible that, at the very end of the game, he breaks out of the darkness and sees that the technolor fantasy was true, all along?

He wants to have Lucy sing a new world into existence for him, so that he can rule it, enjoy the thrill of creation, whatever… escape this dying world into another. Renew the world in accord with its natural cycle of life and death… all this still within the concept of bounded time, ofc.

Somehow she has this ancient power, in spite of everything else… there are so few singers left anymore. So few echoes still retain their voice…
But she refuses to sing for the lion… this smallest of things, dropped incidentally in the desert level, turns out to be the point on which the whole universe hinges.

**I don’t know how this singing could engender a new world while within the desert. Maybe newborn stars begin to glimmer above when she does it.**

^ much better than the disney idea. Something you could miss if you weren’t paying attention.
