Close your eyes and ask for an idea. Something beautiful and true.

Maybe [Firefly](/p/fa265d0089834a398c8b7a51bd6d8cb3) is a particularly clever artifact.

He looks like a little grubby asterisk of pixels.

***

*One of those scenes where the [the Weatherman](/p/626c245aa9f84338bbd35a3874186b8a) messes with you by changing all the [Mega Holoscreens](/p/5d464dbb20064ec69984561f0bbee062) in the city center to wanted posters of you. But miraculously the [Wizards](/p/e3ff55f45f0143ebac643c1cc37813a3) are so stupid/indifferent that they doesn’t notice.*

And you don’t have a gun so it’s like wolfenstein.

***

City Idea

**Lightstorm**

Could be the title of the game.

[Lightstorm](/p/91c699349c68400fa9247d4bd784b26c)

Lightstorms occur occasionally. Just a flurry of bright confusing lights.

Impossible to see anything. Unknown cause.

What's the purpose?

***

So many devils when you break the air protocol that you have to escape the city by jumping across the rooftops.

Basically the floor is lava.

Also fighting messengers and warfighters.

Latter are completely overwhelmed. Messengers can fly above them though.

Either given some jumping boots or you’re so strong you can just smash through walls and find another way through. Maybe just the shoes.

***

Surveyor’s house? Sunset’s cubby?

Not a major thing but it contains some little mementos.

No wildlife at all. Just dead trees.

Brown earth. Grey sky.

Maybe something to do with frontier.. I don’t know. 

Maybe a certain poignant scene where Sunset sees all the prisoners. I won’t forget you.

Maybe nightfall could basically be the size of a mech.

***

Maybe near the end, when you’re almost at the star port, weatherman messes you up by rolling in a huge fog.

The goddess of happiness. Like from a dentist commercial. Baby blue dress. A magic wand with a star on the end. A kitsch gold crown. Etc.

Maybe a literal voice calling out of the past. But you can’t respond to it. It’s calling out, speaking. I know the trope of the dead man’s tape is old in gaming but this gives it a new immediacy. Eerie repetition.

Pleading for help from the gamma ray burst. Maybe broadcast by weatherman.

Telling memories of its past. It’s name but that’s effaced by a loud gust of static.

My name is (xxx).

***
