The basic function of the air protocol is to coordinate the operations of the civilization which is now almost totally extinct.

It is a distributed network, decentralized.

During the events of the game it operates in a low-power emergency state. Only essential functions are retained.

This includes coordination and power of the [Starbus](/p/e91ff4dce0f8469b803a6d314663f59c) system and [Warfighter](/p/64a95ac03b7546249ebe255b2b2fd8a6) troop movements. It also functions as a mass communications relay. Its main function, however, is to repel the [devils](/p/a22030bec1ff40e587d2146fb95be185), which is does by serving as a sink for dark energy. It can also synthesize warfighters (although it mostly does this by recycling). [Warfighter Salvage Teams](/p/9dc015ab7b754160a21e447e30a80c20) perform this service at [the graveyard](/p/8c61516daa304a7da75a31432d1c6e04).

It does not fulfill this purpose by design, but wherever the network exists the energy field it generates keeps the devils away.

***

Terminating the air protocol causes the [devils](/p/a22030bec1ff40e587d2146fb95be185) to enter the world.

It only functioned through a polarity gradient between dark energy and conventional energy.

[Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c) destroys the air protocol when he flees, maybe to make it more difficult for [Sunset](/p/e86dde5ef894493cb5e1f93855b62c83) to follow him.

On a fairy-tale level, this is like “casting a spell.” But in reality it is distributing a segment of self-deleting machine instructions to the entire network.

He is willing to let everyone disappear to gratify himself.

When it breaks, all the warfighters/messengers go into autonomous mode, following the orders of their nearest extant [keyholder](/p/b416261f502a4586ad3f4dc1353346e7).

Breaking comms.

You can choose warfighters or messengers or neither.

The Air Protocol also Controls HUD.

***

“**The Near Field**” focuses on the heart. Makes it hard to feel. Generated by the Air Protocol. An inevitable but unintended consequence.

Gameplay effect: when it is destroyed, both [Fear Bar](/p/445e797334f84ea289ef2dd329a4c488) and [Fury](/p/4de66f6c4d0b4f0da82ef3857428c988) bar charge much faster.

Also has effects on [Heart](:/d7f28f23d93e4dd09ebbeb112dfa5cd7) . You can actually see your reading and it changes faster.

The [Glass Dogs](/p/bfaa1e1d9187463ba1186d4010048e93) all go mad with grief at the loss of their purpose.

***

## References

[Lost Warfighters/Null Team](/p/f824ae3d2b534c77b855e9eece83ac4a)
[TODO List (SOS)](/p/4742b7c786aa444fb1e01144c78d2890)
[Story Roadmap](/p/64c71b1bfb2a4717a53593ce05b258f8)
[Discarded Ideas/Content Cut Content](/p/779f3fd2b51340f38018d9ee694b3c13)
