What is this story about?

You could wake up in your prison cell. Gentle fade in.

Guards communicating to each other, like ghosts.

New arrival.

\- Where did you find him?

Maybe the guards don’t need to talk.

What is the story? Where did they find him? I have in some earlier document that they found him in a ruined villa somewhere world.

Maybe the game begins with an [activation](/p/6186266638ff44bc9fa48d3cb912f53b).

***

Seems like the game could begin with a dream about the end. Laughter of [demons](/p/a22030bec1ff40e587d2146fb95be185), struggling. You “die” and wake up in a dusty villa. Similar to portal 2.

The door is non-functional. Cannot interact with anything. Everything is covered in dust. You can maybe go out on the balcony and look at the ruined world.

Then you are picked up by [Depopulation Team](/p/56cb1fe4b44c40209f6739ce34830eb8)

***

Sunset is just on the cusp of the Depopulation team reader. Gives a weird reading.

[Sunset](/p/e86dde5ef894493cb5e1f93855b62c83) has a hyperbaric signature (because he contains or *is* an [activation](/p/6186266638ff44bc9fa48d3cb912f53b)). Rapidly shifting between extremely low and extremely high.

It is also influenced by the time they found him.

DT124: Picking up a factor.

DT-Lead: This is Team Lead, copy that. What’s the signature?

DT124: Signature hyperbaric, trending down. \[turns into shoulder comm] Please advise.

DT-Lead: Hyperbaric? Give readings.

DT124: First read was over 10K verts. Now down at eight thousand and dropping.

DT-Lead: I’ll put it a maintenance report.

DT124: Advise on factor?

DT-Lead: Collect for processing.

DT124: Copy.

They kick the door down, flashlights blinding in the dusty darkness.

124: You! Don't move!

*Todo: I want them to process things on some strange extra-constitutional pretext.*

They take you through a small ruined to a starbus station.

While you walk, you can turn around and see them burning up your building with flamethrowers.

Maybe you glimpse [the Weatherman](/p/626c245aa9f84338bbd35a3874186b8a) hiding in some screen here. Bit like the g-man.

Lead: Team lead status report. We have one factor. (glances at you). Normal readings. Bringing him into containment.

The Engineer holds up some electronic device and the station monitor flashes with some primitive override protocol. The GUI degenerates from something polished to something more primitive.

Mentions that the Starbus is unregistered... maybe some kind of GUI prompt: WARNING: Unregistered Media.

Or maybe it's a normal starbus.

But it would be cool if this was off the books. Taken out of the system. An unregistered entity.

[Service Team](/p/446f0d27a559475d9d0e1337fb7cc934) warfighters open one of the onboard consoles and hook up some kind of diagnostic/override tool.

Override. Sector coordinates? He holds out his hand.

The Team Captain unclips a card from around his neck and hands it to him. He plugs it in. The starbus lights flicker, emergency lights turn on.

Starbus VO: Warning: Unregistered sector entered.

TC: Get it linked.

Engineer types for a moment, then the voice cuts off.

As you pass into hyperspace... perhaps the trip is long enough that you sleep.

Perhaps you're visited by [MansBestFriend](/p/2e58a4c24f8e4bf2a6779f1fd191a209). The door slides open in slipspace. The warfighters don't seem to notice. Empty texture man comes up to you. A look of recognition.

What message could he have for you?

Don't give up.

Maybe there are flashing lights in slipspace, similar to how there are flashing lights on some subway journeys. As you pass under bridges and stuff. That could have some dramatic effect...

I guess you walk from the station to the prison. Blessedly we miss that. You group up with some other shades in a bigger convoy and you get lost in it. Empty sad eyes.

Maybe during the trip you fight against some weird creatures. [Devils](/p/a22030bec1ff40e587d2146fb95be185). In the middle of the night.

Someone ringing a bell, scattered screams. Tense moment, then a flashlight illuminates a devil too close to you, one of the warfighters blasts its face off.

123: Is that it?

124: I think so. There are too many of them here. I thought they were extinct.

125: This whole planet is cursed. That's why they took it off the records.

124: What? *Turns to you* What are you looking at? Go back to sleep.

Eventually you get to the prison. It was an old mansion which has been repurposed.

Agent: What was his reading?

Handler: They left a note on it. I don't have time for this. Call it 500.

Agent: Sunset class?

Handler: Yeah.

Processing center. You get assigned Sunset or Comet... different groups for different levels? Maybe sunset is the lowest level, *those whom they expect to wholly evaporate* before Lion can make his occasional inspection.
