*   [ ] Come up with a better **[Title](/p/be753812c10c4496b966a9fabb938d53)**. A Game. “**Myth**”

*   [ ] do something with [this weird snip](/p/bad5491f0d6142aebb9de7a0b9b972ae)

*   [ ] figure out about the *content* of [The Prophecy of the Monster Who Devours the World](/p/03ed3db7a132404dbc0c094de353e46c)

*   [ ] INSANE missing detail: how do you two remember each other?? Do you just meet while hunting snakes? I guess I answered my own question. [Prison Scene](/p/c54aeb37bdc040898fb86193d769aecf). What is it that remembers her? Is it just each other? I think it has to be something more… I think I know you from somewhere. It can’t be too hackneyed. Ugh, I really need to do something here. It *can’t* be too hackneyed. It would be good if there is some grippable pretense. So this is cool…

*   [ ] place [The Lonely](/p/2e52e2f53aea40569e46d4db26a5cb37) somewhere in the [Story Roadmap (with scenes)](/p/64c71b1bfb2a4717a53593ce05b258f8)

*   [ ] Add more about [Home](/p/a20eec20a73b4baf90f96bd591b6d7ee)… remember home

*   [ ] Add [Lightstorm](/p/91c699349c68400fa9247d4bd784b26c)s

*   [ ] Figure out the basics of the [Surveyor’s Charm / Theodolite](/p/dacfbbf983bc428483bfc033e194a678) and the ending(!).

*   [ ] [The tapestry](/p/f5a592f4ea7f42349c436a398b07ca16) secret

*   [ ] Come up with “teams” for all creatures to be on. Possibly connected to [Living World](/p/7e219e5cf0e244359588c9d2e468854e).

*   [ ] What is the in-world explanation for Sunset’s [heads up display](/p/b628d0989062456b8e631cb104ca326e)? Maybe some kind of [Reader](/p/ee8732f115d54add941270ffbf33cd9a)?

*   [ ] Think up some cool [Random Encounters](/p/b4b2a46abf0b4e8286c273322df634e1).

*   [ ] Insert [The Prophecy of the Monster Who Devours the World](/p/03ed3db7a132404dbc0c094de353e46c) somewhere in the [Roadmap](/p/64c71b1bfb2a4717a53593ce05b258f8). The timing between the first/second half.

*   [ ] Figure out why [Sunset](/p/e86dde5ef894493cb5e1f93855b62c83) is called what he is. The reason in an old doc is that he’s brought in at sunset, rather than dawn, by the [depopulation team](/p/56cb1fe4b44c40209f6739ce34830eb8).

*   [ ] Something about the [Special Exchange](/p/e23c5fa3d3ea46ce8fc78216bd6b6198)

**List of unsigned words** following Tolkien.

*   [x] See where [The Library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303) actually fits in to the main plots that you have!

*   [ ] make an invisible past according to that Tolkien wiki page. A more in depth [History](/p/9cbe02df69b34efbbd4bb2d35ef029fc) for it all.

*   [ ] [Chapter Names/Chapter Titles](/p/f01f55b05e7c49a6870cc183aa4cdd18). At least link some of them to actual scenes

*   [ ] [More Ideas](:/3062f89c92ca4e96aa78f7950157d901) (look through these and link them to stuff)

*   [ ] Include [Princes of the Empire](/p/0b4fce6215444ac7ace59680400ea00d) and update them… fit them into the story. Plug them into the [Story Roadmap (with scenes, bottom-up)](/p/64c71b1bfb2a4717a53593ce05b258f8). Maybe 2nd half of the game?

*   [ ] Write some cool [Holoscreen](/p/5d464dbb20064ec69984561f0bbee062) messages. Integrate it with the [Artifacts](/p/30059da8090a4270baa0528057febb81).

*   [ ] Maybe something connected to [Old Synopsis 1](/p/84bf6e3efabb42ee9c4435d6ce71a310), like how there was this weird concept of you guys bonding in the pit and her activation being scary, scaring her. Maybe something for [Story Roadmap (with scenes)](/p/64c71b1bfb2a4717a53593ce05b258f8). Can't decide now if it should be [Cain](/p/ac3b4a20469c41c7b61802b2cb877eb1) or just a [Burden Devil.](/p/fb05d3b72660433c813da8e52d9a4ae3)...

*   [ ] Think of interesting things one might find in [Resource Processing](/p/04e9737208bb49b3834df5c8cf687ab3). Lost things. Precious, deserted, forgotten things. What is the most beautiful thing that is forgotten? A feeling. But something more tangible.

*   [ ] [Artifacts](/p/30059da8090a4270baa0528057febb81). Combine with [Holoscreens](/p/5d464dbb20064ec69984561f0bbee062)

*   [ ] [The Blue Pure Light](/p/4338fe85846e448a8de3cad2246860a5). Physics stuff? Entropy?

*   [ ] [The Fireplace…](/p/886d0805be5c42acaf8a7247c1303d0e)

*   [ ] Flesh out the connection between [Firefly](/p/fa265d0089834a398c8b7a51bd6d8cb3) and [Lucy](/p/dc866b99f5794c99874dbaae8479870f) and firefly in general.

*   [ ] Figure out the connection between [The Surveyor](/p/c7964e9075b3441eb4bd789fd283aa6a) and [Witnesses](/p/71f7bbe694b74dde9a39c628cfc1e9ff).

*   [ ] Come up with [The Abyss](/p/2e52e2f53aea40569e46d4db26a5cb37). Does it add anything to [The Lonely](/p/2e52e2f53aea40569e46d4db26a5cb37)?

*   [ ] Resolve stuff with [Surveyor’s Sword / Theodolite](/p/dacfbbf983bc428483bfc033e194a678). If I'm reading right, it was created and destroyed. By saying he has hidden it in the end, he is referring to something higher. Moving on.

*   [ ] Come up a good [ending](/p/39d9f7006aa64ff9990efbcbcdb84d89)

*   [ ] Figure out [The Prophecy of the Monster Who Devours the World](/p/03ed3db7a132404dbc0c094de353e46c)

*   [ ] **Decide if the Lion remembers Sunset** ([Another Synopsis (top-down) \[best\])](/p/735c96da2df5451eb19b2b2a6b342e74)). It’s probably best if he does. But what *was* sunset? But on the other hand, there is something epic about "I don't remember you."

*   [ ] Periodically check the “Uncategorized/Misc” folder.

*   [ ] Determine if Lucy’s different [songs](/p/4f10d741d1b949dda6606a9af27b0225) should have the same effect

*   [ ] Integrate [images](/p/722c2fe9d13346b7824282338e7ca6e9)

*   [ ] Come up with a story for Lucy to tell in the [Library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303) scene… maybe a fairy tale version of the story. Sings a little song of it… causes the stars to sparkle and some papers to lift up… wind, elevation, exaltation.

*   [ ] Figure out vent thing in [Library Scene](/p/0af2344d69c44889a057b99324cb2241)… how to \*really \*evoke a sense of this book only barely hanging on to existence by its fingernails…

*   [ ] Also xfer relevant data to [Library Scene](/p/0af2344d69c44889a057b99324cb2241) page.

*   [ ] Define [The Surveyor](/p/c7964e9075b3441eb4bd789fd283aa6a) better. What did he do? Explore the universe? Tame the wilderness? Was he *really* just a humble surveyor?

*   [ ] Come up with how Sunset finds, after Lucy is captured, where she is. This could be a whole chapter/chapters in itself. Right now I am patching it with [“Your Star”](/p/8ea13698180a4c3a8c71d9ac4f956c5f) but maybe I could do something else.

*   [ ] Work on the [crossroads](/p/c60cc3e805e545fd886efd133271279c)?

*   [ ] Retool [Heart (status system)](/p/6f324ef2228f4369a20a5e88999881b5). Issue: Witnesses are charming companions, devils are not. Yet it seems like you are rewarded for bad behavior. So… fix this.

*   [ ] Flesh out [Sleep/dreams (status system)](/p/c6ada77226e24eab9558973d33216c8c). This is **Cool.** Creativity here would go a long way. What is the nature of dreams?

*   [ ] Fill interstices of the [Story Roadmap](/p/64c71b1bfb2a4717a53593ce05b258f8).

*   [ ] Come up with cool [easter eggs](/p/e56b669dec91488d826e64f29aec2a4a)

*   [x] Decide if they should be called Wizards or Magicians.

*   [x] Decide if his name should be lion or “the King.” I like Lion. The Lion, Lion… etc.

*   [ ] Figure out how to get to [The End/Nowhere](/p/a2ad74c520014a0c8070f22f5930797d). Right now have it that you get there by *breaking the speed limit*. Maybe there could be something else which does it. Something more poetic.

*   [ ] Find a place for the [Unbound Key](/p/7a9eb424d8c14caaa4dcb4b149894bd0)/multiple playthroughs… connect to [Keys. Control shift enter](/p/66539c18512f40be8af976ef23e2ec83).

*   [ ] Figure something out for [Guardian Devils](/p/f46513ec051945a2b5cc36154bef3656) and [Deep Space (Ancient) Messengers](/p/c604b20dab2a47a2a706563c64ef2470). Fit them into the [Story Roadmap](/p/64c71b1bfb2a4717a53593ce05b258f8) perhaps?

*   [ ] Figure something out for the [Star Guide](/p/321d89880d4c41cda5381467b10626d1) and the [Music Book](:/b9f7f9fd2cff4e3d98a35c8c7e830278)

*   [ ] Make it clear somewhere that [Sunset](/p/e86dde5ef894493cb5e1f93855b62c83) can tell that [Lucy](/p/dc866b99f5794c99874dbaae8479870f) is unfading. Because of their shared nature and memory.

*   [ ] More detail about [The Palace](/p/86ff6659bc624d908e18cc3b82c797ef)

*   [ ] Something more about [Secrets](/p/8745a29a9b92485c8e2a965fd6875a37). Integrate

***

*   [x] How do they learn about the library?
*   [x] Does Lucy remember the [Library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303) or does info about it come from somewhere else? Right now I'm having [Maxwell/Firefly](/p/fa265d0089834a398c8b7a51bd6d8cb3) find it... he's adept with tech and finds it in the Starbus registry, considers that it would be good. This is the best so far, so I'm gonna close it for now.
*   [x] Come up with something for [Liberty](/p/f92b3507b1bf46cc81c6c04fb40efa41)’s sister… [Justice](/p/fe6019bf0f1f40eb990fb3fc1da2494f).
*   [x] Decide whether the river should be black or the books should be blank. It can’t be both.
*   [x] Come up with a new name for the last book. Maybe “the end.” Answer: Yes.
*   [x] Choose a better name than “stims” (for [Scene: “I need you.”)](/p/8e4e8df977fb4539ae2760b8e3f5dc82)
    Maybe can make it so that it is the deluge of activation which is causing it. She is even less stable than sunset… Answer: just made it about the recent activation.
*   [x] Figure out why/when [Lucy](/p/dc866b99f5794c99874dbaae8479870f) was kidnapped (this is a big one). Answer: she was kidnapped because the lion is trying to recollect the traces of his own memory.
*   [x] Figure out what the [The Air Protocol](/p/39af5dfd7ca34fd2ad511129944e10c9) is and what it does. Answer: it’s a distributed communication network which functions on emergency power. The lion disables it. It was also keeping the devils at bay.
*   [x] Come up with a good [beginning](/p/41c70b5d8c814f7b8fe9d4e152fdf43b) (basically done…)
*   [x] Make sure to circle back to the “condemned criminals” part of the outworld chain gang. They are all shades or echoes, maybe their crime is just existing without authorization. Wizards and citizens are authorized. Answer: handled by a bureaucratic device, detailed in depopulation team page.
*   [x] Come up with more personality for [Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c). (Lion? The Lion?) Answer: kind of completed by giving him a motivation.
*   [x] Decisions: many planets or one? Leaning towards many, but most are featureless except for the main thing on that planet. And of course extremely obscure [easter eggs](/p/e56b669dec91488d826e64f29aec2a4a) which no one will ever find. Answer: many planets.
*   [x] Come up with a good name for [the guide in the city](/p/f92b3507b1bf46cc81c6c04fb40efa41)… whatever, it’ll come to me. Liberty
*   [x] Decide between slipping incognito into Lion’s palace or crashing a Starbus into it, guns blazing
*   [x] Find some place for the register of the dead: register of the dead to find the girl—lost in the numberless cycles of time, amid the mountains of steaming detritus, buried among the uncountable outcasts of our civilization. **Solution:** the library itself is the registry of the dead, all of whom have been forgotten.
*   [x] Figure out whether [Lucy](/p/dc866b99f5794c99874dbaae8479870f) or [Sunset](/p/e86dde5ef894493cb5e1f93855b62c83) are the battery. Which one of them is the battery. Figure all that stuff out… Answer: Lucy is the battery. **Sunset is an echo of the monster who will devour the world.** The [Theodolite](/p/dacfbbf983bc428483bfc033e194a678) is what is meant to occasion the ultimate activation. But it was destroyed, because “The End,” is love. That is the riddle…
*   [x] Decide about [Sparky](/p/fd7c6445c03847a7b7d35c7e64bc1320). Decided he was useless...

Include the tomb of the unknown soldier and that intense discipline.

X

## References

[Surveyor’s Sword / Theodolite](/p/dacfbbf983bc428483bfc033e194a678)
[Liberty](/p/f92b3507b1bf46cc81c6c04fb40efa41)
[Location: The End/Nowhere](/p/a2ad74c520014a0c8070f22f5930797d)
[The Library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303)
[Reader](/p/ee8732f115d54add941270ffbf33cd9a)
[Trained Devils](/p/f46513ec051945a2b5cc36154bef3656)
[Deep Space (Ancient) Messengers](/p/c604b20dab2a47a2a706563c64ef2470)
[Sleep/dreams (status system)](/p/c6ada77226e24eab9558973d33216c8c)
[The Surveyor](/p/c7964e9075b3441eb4bd789fd283aa6a)
[Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c)
[Lucy](/p/dc866b99f5794c99874dbaae8479870f)
[The Air Protocol](/p/39af5dfd7ca34fd2ad511129944e10c9)
[#0 Center Core (for tabbing) \[start here\]](/p/c106892177514a958047b864876a4fd5)
[Heuristic](/p/524eb9903ec947958380c82b26bac7e6)
