Story Roadmap (divided by location)

Scenes better be drawing from search:"notebook:scenes"

Todo: add the [The Prophecy](/p/03ed3db7a132404dbc0c094de353e46c)

1.  Very beginning is a dream of [the ends of the earth](/p/a2ad74c520014a0c8070f22f5930797d)… player only has melee and has to fight against [demons beyond the darkness](/p/a22030bec1ff40e587d2146fb95be185), along with other things… totally hopeless. Ends with the [Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c) leaping down and plunging its fangs into the player’s throat… vision blurs with steam and the player awakens…Unknown prologue.

2.  Insert good opener here: [Beginning, introduction](/p/41c70b5d8c814f7b8fe9d4e152fdf43b).

3.  Found by a [depopulation team](/p/56cb1fe4b44c40209f6739ce34830eb8) in the outlands. Taken on an unregistered [Starbus](/p/e91ff4dce0f8469b803a6d314663f59c) to a deleted sector.

4.  [Prison (starting planet)](/p/fde64cac01824d63a685fa2cd4695b38); Allies: [Lucy](/p/dc866b99f5794c99874dbaae8479870f); Enemies: [Containment Team](/p/3eb84078414f44df903234d84028c5dc). [Prison Scene.](/p/c54aeb37bdc040898fb86193d769aecf) Meets Lucy. You are fading away. Your job is to contain snakes. That is the work you do, as you gradually fade away. But one day, Lucy starts to speak to you through a chip in the wall. By action, you manage to escape, but you're soon captured.

5.  [Pit Scene](/p/95cf6cd4f677420aaa14a41e042b9d53)? Here Lucy engages a certain [Activation](/p/6186266638ff44bc9fa48d3cb912f53b), which scares her... they escape, and stumble upon [Resource Processing](/p/04e9737208bb49b3834df5c8cf687ab3), which is where they find [Firefly](/p/fa265d0089834a398c8b7a51bd6d8cb3). Lucy shares a certain affinity with Firefly, and he helps you escape.

6.  Prison Break. By manipulating certain doors, you sneak out of the prison.
    Allies: [Lucy](/p/dc866b99f5794c99874dbaae8479870f), [prisoners](/p/49b73ae066e8462d9e228a65f4217581); Enemies: [Containment Team](/p/3eb84078414f44df903234d84028c5dc), [Cain](/p/ac3b4a20469c41c7b61802b2cb877eb1) (first appearance)]. You don't take down Cain at this point. He sees you, somehow, and is enraged, but he can't get to you.

7.  Wilderness 1: \[Messenger Searchers, [Warfighter Rangers](/p/77860d6ebf5241c68d6f433d7ea7d9b2) (snipers).

8.  [Graveyard](/p/8c61516daa304a7da75a31432d1c6e04): Feel like you’re in the clear… this is the point at which Lucy sings with joy at her freedom. Perhaps the song is just a traditional ritual. 
    *Stars glimmer overhead*; she awakens the [Lost Messengers](/p/893f5b7d04994a3e8f0263a7b0ba011f).

9.  Wilderness 2: Enemies: [Lost Warfighters/Null Team](/p/f824ae3d2b534c77b855e9eece83ac4a)

10. You both travel to the library. [Maxwell/Firefly](/p/fa265d0089834a398c8b7a51bd6d8cb3) discovers something in the [Starbus](/p/e91ff4dce0f8469b803a6d314663f59c) terminal, or he already knows. He finds the core directory. We can go home from there.

11. [The Library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303). You find the library, look for the book, don’t find it. But you find the book [“THE END”](/p/96f5dcec0cba496fafc1e25040a57b07). **This** is the part of the game where Lion seizes Lucy. As he carries her away and you are forced to run, Lucy secretly sends [Firefly](/p/fa265d0089834a398c8b7a51bd6d8cb3) to you. He is a little sprite (literally) who leads you to her and can mess with technology… he hides on your person… (note: maybe no Maxwell…) This gates your progress.

12. Lion thinks you might come in handy sometime, but not now. So he strands you in [the lonely](/p/2e52e2f53aea40569e46d4db26a5cb37) (with a bonus monologue on the ride there). He leaves you out at the station and then explodes it.

Enemies: [Crackle](/p/a83ed73098c5416684c4c5d4097e32dc), [The Weatherman](/p/626c245aa9f84338bbd35a3874186b8a). The Weatherman helps you get out.

12. You escape from the Lonely with the help of the weatherman, who guides you to a freight station on the other side of the planet. He knows because he is so intimately connected with the civilization. From there you go to the city. As you land, he avariciously abuses his freedom like the cruel genie he is and runs away from you.

13. [City Outskirts](/p/092136e62d3346eb8eac716f912b06c2). Here you meet [Liberty](/p/f92b3507b1bf46cc81c6c04fb40efa41).

14. [The City](/p/10e73639c05f4ed1bc3262e2e8d8296c) \[Allies: [Canto/Carri](/p/f92b3507b1bf46cc81c6c04fb40efa41); Enemies: Warfighter [Peace Team](/p/3cb671899d6e4f15a8d2fc4076e56356), [Wizards](/p/e3ff55f45f0143ebac643c1cc37813a3) , Messengers, [Glass Dogs](/p/bfaa1e1d9187463ba1186d4010048e93). You sneak through the city or go in guns blazing, until you reach his palace. Lion has orchestrated the capture of Lucy as if he was going to devour her at some huge feast. You either sneak in to the great ball or you fight your way in. After a great struggle you come to Lucy again.

Why did Lion bring her to the palace? He brought her there to question her about the theodolite. But she does not know.

14. First Struggle with the Lion/Destruction of the palace & [The Air Protocol/Martial Reserve](/p/39af5dfd7ca34fd2ad511129944e10c9).

It is Sunset meeting Lucy again in the Imperial Palace (which was once [the surveyor’s](/p/c7964e9075b3441eb4bd789fd283aa6a) home) which causes an [activation](/p/6186266638ff44bc9fa48d3cb912f53b) so powerful that the Lion and others are able to see it. The Surveyor is present, although in silhouette. The lion learns where the theodolite is hidden. “It is hidden in the end.”

15. [Outskirts](/p/092136e62d3346eb8eac716f912b06c2):
    Rollerskate through giant drainage canyons. The relics of the drainage system of the mega city. And it would be fun! Above ground like LA. but all dried up. A bit like cs surfing. Good chance for jet warfighters to hunt you and you can lose them by swerving into different pipes and stuff.

16. In pursuit of the Lion \[Allies: Warfighters OR Messengers, depending on which key you took; Enemies: the devils and the fireman, as well as the enemies belonging to the key you didn’t take.
    Maybe this is when you learn that there is no **home** to go back to. That Lucy is an orphan…
    This is also where the Weatherman *returns,* liberated from the destruction of the air protocol and free to mess with things and bring in storms.

17. ??? to fill in

18. Beyond the Stars Allies: Warfighters/Messengers, Lucy; Enemies: the creatures beyond the stars, devils of the darkness, monsters

19. *The End: Final battle with the Lion. Find out he couldn’t go back if he tried. Maybe the pact is that he can bring Lucy with him. She decides to destroy it.(italicized because incomplete).*

Or is it already destroyed? Maybe it’s cooler if she destroys it. Or maybe it seems like he’s won, but she chooses to destroy it. How does it work? Only one can go back in time? Why would she do it anyway…

20. [Game Ending](/p/39d9f7006aa64ff9990efbcbcdb84d89)

## Leftover Content:

[Home](/p/a20eec20a73b4baf90f96bd591b6d7ee),
[Charon and Snowball](/p/e297d82e5afd4b319a71ebe05308aeeb),
[Firefly](/p/fa265d0089834a398c8b7a51bd6d8cb3),
[Wandering Stars](/p/f4a90264fddc4ff6af8749329d31eb50), 
[Cain](:/2ae4c66798954c0f8cbc1f47614cd5da),
[Fire Chief](/p/1ef4b06dc1a54d4b8711df3ec9c45c5d),
[Princes of the Empire](/p/0b4fce6215444ac7ace59680400ea00d),
[Deep Space (Ancient) Witnesses](/p/c604b20dab2a47a2a706563c64ef2470),
[Liquid Team / Vapor Team](/p/e552fd33a5ae462494623dd4a9c2d73a),
[Mercury Team](/p/16a088573fb34c10b8aec5bedd6b442b)
[The Prophecy](/p/03ed3db7a132404dbc0c094de353e46c)
