Future empires take from the US just like we do from Rome. You have entered forever.

For the [The City/The Labyrinth of Lost Dreams](/p/10e73639c05f4ed1bc3262e2e8d8296c)

<https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMRS8k36y/>

something

Frame story. Sophia in the darkness.

I will sing to you about another world. Things no man has ever seen.

***

But some things no human eyes will ever see.

Some things will stay hidden until the end of time.

***

Choose between sunset or comet. So much can hinge on a single thing. There’s a list of codenames.

Everyone gets a name. What’s Lucy’s name? She has a name. If you have none, we assign one.

**Maybe sprites with FMV cutscenes.**

If it’s [perma-death](/p/1685a994ac7b4f0f9d79cad42388e2a4)… maybe she can take care of herself.

Have to push [Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c) into a black hole gravity well

In a gravity wave. Witnesses. Sees Lucy. Then Sophia. Then man’s best friend [MansBestFriend](/p/2e58a4c24f8e4bf2a6779f1fd191a209)

For the final chase, instead of a starbus, ride on the back of a messenger. Or one of the [Serpents of the Deep](/p/f118167e8a4f4bf58bfd839673c964c8)

*   [x] The fireman lives in the fireplace.

The kid

We live in the last instant, suspended forever in time

*   [ ] **Image** Idea:

\[maybe this later became [The Surveyor](/p/c7964e9075b3441eb4bd789fd283aa6a)]

*   [x] **Image 2:**

Braces of little electric lightning crackling over enormous sprawling ruins and illuminating them

Place: the city after Lion disables the [The Air Protocol](/p/39af5dfd7ca34fd2ad511129944e10c9).

It is powered by dark energy.

Maybe someday in that last half there is time distortion and you come across border worlds which have developed in a divergent way because the [Air Protocol](/p/39af5dfd7ca34fd2ad511129944e10c9) failed

But what could that mean? When the whole world is fading so fast.

*   [ ] **Image 3:**

Ruined [city](/p/10e73639c05f4ed1bc3262e2e8d8296c) comes alive in the dusk … spectral shadows (citizens or echoes who are so pale that they can be only seen at the dimmest illumination of sunrise or dusk)… include when [Liberty](/p/f92b3507b1bf46cc81c6c04fb40efa41) is leading you through the labyrinth of forgotten dreams.

*   [ ] \## Ancient Image 4…

pink cloud level cumulonimbus video game spawn room, architect showing you things, pure archetypes, very charming, it’s all there pacing around in circles around you, astonishing, anything you can imagine set piece

walls of clouds, an arena

good for an intro level…

**“A man, a monster, the clouds, the sky… it would be too much to ask for anything else…**

But perhaps there is something else in this world… Maybe there’s a princess

twist: these archetypes aren’t even the main characters… just to show how timeless the story is

## Image 5

A square alcove cut into a wall through which a blue pure light emanates.

[The Blue Pure Light](/p/4338fe85846e448a8de3cad2246860a5)

***

# More Images

If we know his name we can kill him. Child’s drawing of a cat “Kitty” scrawled.

Have to drown him in an ocean. Cats don’t like water.

*   [x] Stuffed behind the last shelf in the library. Found using the air protocol.

*   [x] Wizards are ghostly grey men. Like monochrome dark people, faded.

Divert a star water planet splash blast. Spins the planet off its axis.

Day and night flashing, rapid

***

At the height of their powers

Charts out the limits of our minds, our ideas, our thoughts. See the territory

Redirect a Starbus to crash into the lion’s Palace

What is the driving force?

Inspiration. Stanislaw Lem.

Narnia finding

Soul image

***

Cool ideas (newer)

Maybe she wants to make it to Arcadia, and she finds its location in the universe library (information bank). But when she arrives there, it is devastated and destroyed. Years ago.

The end is the same as the beginning…

The homeworld of all life is Arcadia. Its coordinates are located in the global bank.

How does she know to go there? How to revive the world? Restore the universe?

***

Story Moments

First interview at the penal colony:
Interviewer asks Sunset’s name
Player prompted to enter it.
Interlocutor (Potter <https://youtu.be/aBP6lFU-J2Mfield>, etc.) shakes his head, gentle smile:
“That’s not right. You don’t have a name."

Moment when the lion could kill both of them, but doesn’t. They’re unimportant.

Weapon tutorial: prisoners on snake-killing duty in the forest.
(snakes writing between everyone’s feet in this scene:)
Lucy: Long ago, people and snakes used to be good friends…
Chambers rifle, takes a shot.
“I wish I could remember what happened.”

Lion kills Sophia, Sunset must travel to the undiscovered country in hope of finding her. The only enemies in this realm are of his own heart.
motet plays when she dies and her soul goes up.
Barbarian armies, have to press disarm when their sword flashes.

***

Lion abducts Lucy. “Why aren’t you fighting back?” (control locked)

“You want to, but you’re afraid. That must be so frustrating.” (this doesn’t work. But game should play with annoying conceit of locked comtrols)

Lion nods to the Angels. “Send him to Abyss.”

“Take your hands off of the keyboard. Don’t… move.” (any input will result in her dying… permadeath

If she dies: The show must go on!

Messengers talk:

Indigo: Why not just kill him?

Ailuros: Lion has his reasons. He won’t last two minutes in the abyss anyway.

**Abyss** is a land of snows. PC meets weatherman there.

***

PC identifies with Lucy’s laziness and her attacks of bloodlust. (cmon sunset, I’ve seen the same thing in your eyes)

Also endearing (?) habit of starting sentences then neverminding them

***

Something beautiful. Like a bird flying over a canyon. A bluebird?

A robin?

I remember Noah's dove with the sprig of laurel in its beak.

I just keep coming back to that image from my dream.

***

Very first scene on the dusk beach.

Sophia sees the end is coming. Surveyor told her. Now she can see it.

Flashlight flares make it hard to see the warfighters in the opening scene.

Maybe a fade to white. It's just before dawn. The sun is rising.

What is the name of the dawn?

You see a figure in the dawn.

***

Compared to God, we are all so ugly.

Whitehorse

Ok. Clear your mind.
