Summary is top-down/objective.

*Stuff in italics is uncertain*.

History happens, there is an ancient golden age, then a great [disaster](/p/1a72827bd6ea47aebfdbd041630be417) \[tabooed/unknown], after which everything fades away and loses its power. [Home](/p/a20eec20a73b4baf90f96bd591b6d7ee) is destroyed.

But there are shattered fragments of the ancient world strewn about. Many of these gradually end up in [Resource Processing](/p/04e9737208bb49b3834df5c8cf687ab3), but many more remain strewn throughout the universe.

In the ensuing chaos, the [Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c) seizes power. A modicum of stability is restored.

He leads an idle and comfortable life. But one day there is something nagging at his curiosity. He has the mild inclination to learn about the world which has passed away. So he goes to the [Library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303). To his dismay, he finds that all the ink in all the books has almost totally faded away.

But from what he can discern, he **remembers** [Lucy](/p/dc866b99f5794c99874dbaae8479870f). He also discovers part of the [The Prophecy of the Monster Who Devours the World](/p/03ed3db7a132404dbc0c094de353e46c). This fills him with fear. \[unclear who is the monster at this point]. 

Most of all, he remembers [the Surveyor](/p/c7964e9075b3441eb4bd789fd283aa6a), his old master. He is filled with yearning. He wishes to return. He knows that the surveyor had immense power. Even the power to return the world to a primeval happiness. He recalls the surveyor’s last creation, an [artifact which can give a person whatever his heart desires](/p/dacfbbf983bc428483bfc033e194a678). The lion’s heart is fired by these dreams with the ardent wish to return.

Through his research, he comes to understand the principle of [refraction/separation](/p/c22fc76d04234ba699c3a52fa67f7520), and how this applies to the [echoes](/p/da622103663d4fad8372a8769414cc25), which some of the [citizens](/p/d7ca438af1474c278031d0c9dd870c42) have been complaining to him about (as their presence is disturbing their existence). He commissions [Peace Officer One](/p/1f69094026e64289883eacfd026e270d) to lead [Depopulation Teams](/p/56cb1fe4b44c40209f6739ce34830eb8) to sequester the Shadows/Echoes in a [prison](/p/fde64cac01824d63a685fa2cd4695b38) on a planet which is so remote it is almost inaccessible. The planet has been taken off of the [Starbus](/p/e91ff4dce0f8469b803a6d314663f59c) register, because the [Primevals](/p/2f7c73ff336643cfab6933e00eb6b40e) or the later [Citizens](/p/d7ca438af1474c278031d0c9dd870c42) considered it cursed.

*Note: I’m confused… **why** is he sequestering them?*

This is answered elsewhere. It’s because he **remembers** them. He was reading in the library and he remembered something. He has a flash of recollection, of the surveyor, the Theodolite, Lucy, most of all Home. He remembers Lucy. I don’t think he remembers sunset. “**I don’t remember you.**” So he’s going through them all to find the right one. He knows that if [Lucy](/p/dc866b99f5794c99874dbaae8479870f) is combined with the [Theodolite](/p/dacfbbf983bc428483bfc033e194a678), the word can be restored… so he’s searching for the theodolite with one paw, while searching for Lucy with the other.

He’s doing it on the prison planet to avoid the notice of the [Wizards](/p/e3ff55f45f0143ebac643c1cc37813a3). And because if the battery was activated under the improper conditions, she could do extreme damage…

He assigns [Cain](/p/ac3b4a20469c41c7b61802b2cb877eb1) (a very powerful [Warfighter](/p/64a95ac03b7546249ebe255b2b2fd8a6)) administration of the prison and instructs him to send him photographs of each one (processing). Once he sees one which corresponds to **Sophia**, he will order it to be brought to the palace. From her he thinks he will be able to discover the location of the theodolite. Although he is searching for both at once.

But the [echoes](/p/da622103663d4fad8372a8769414cc25) Lucy and Sunset escape. But he detects a huge energy signature from that world (caused by [Lucy’s singing](/p/6cc7332365c0412cbb4340975f6049b7)), and he decides to go there. He begins his pursuit at this point.

They make it to the [Library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303) (after a stop at the hub-world and other adventures) before he catches up with them. He abducts her and goes to the capital. She sends [Firefly/Maxwell](/p/fa265d0089834a398c8b7a51bd6d8cb3) to Sunset while she is being captured. Firefly helps you get back along with the star.

Somewhere in here there must be [Liberty](/p/f92b3507b1bf46cc81c6c04fb40efa41) and [the Weatherman](/p/626c245aa9f84338bbd35a3874186b8a).

There could maybe here be [The Lonely](/p/2e52e2f53aea40569e46d4db26a5cb37), thus [Crackle](/p/a83ed73098c5416684c4c5d4097e32dc), and the first meeting of [the Weatherman](/p/626c245aa9f84338bbd35a3874186b8a)

Lion recognizes you and sends messengers and warfighters to dispose of you. But you survive. Then you fight your way to the palace and break in.

This scares Lion. Perhaps he realizes after he arrives back at the planet that you are the monster, and he realizes he should have sent more powerful forces against you (when he sees you defeated the messengers).

So there is a hunt for you. But you make it to the fortress. Maybe you disguise as a [Wizard](/p/e3ff55f45f0143ebac643c1cc37813a3) and infiltrate a fancy dinner party.

You attack lion and disrupt the party. When he is defeated he de-activates the [Air Protocol](/p/39af5dfd7ca34fd2ad511129944e10c9) which momentarily shuts down all power on the planet. But it also releases the [Devils](/p/a22030bec1ff40e587d2146fb95be185). At this point you seize one of the keys somehow.

He realizes that if he can beat you to the theodolite, he can restore the world. When he sees you, he *doesn’t* remember you, but this utter lack of recognition triggers a kind of inverse activation, and he sees something “beyond the world,” namely that the [Theodolite](/p/dacfbbf983bc428483bfc033e194a678) is hidden in [The End](/p/a2ad74c520014a0c8070f22f5930797d). You both share a vision of the [Surveyor](/p/c7964e9075b3441eb4bd789fd283aa6a)

Ok. This is kind of tricky. I need to slow down…

**Plot confusion area**.

When you meet with Lucy in the palace, you unlock a shared memory (maybe FMV) where you see that the theodolite combined with Lucy can remake the world.

I just finished something which can grant any wish that a person treasures in their heart.

“I hid it at the very end.”

The lion flees to the end using the starbus system. You can only get there by breaking the speed limit. The world is crumbling, the devils accelerate this.

**Love is the end.**

You meet in the end, but it isn’t there.

You fight and when you kill lion, the surveyor appears. Because you acted out of love, you are the end.
