Attempts at an Elevator Pitch

I have an idea for… not even sure what it would be. Ideally it’d be an epic (in the sense of scale FPS)… Song of Sophia. I don’t know if I’ve outgrown it. The idea was to come up with something that was really, honest-to-goodness colorless and neutral. I don’t mean in the sense of boring. I mean in the sense of providing a foundation for other stories. Everything else has to have a turn, or a swerve, or a twist, or some mark of the times, and I’m tired of it. I know that’s almost inescapable. But I wonder if, just once, it didn’t have to be like that. I guess the idea is kind of Jungian, kind of Joseph Campbellian, to escape from history and find the least common denominator of human stories. I probably haven’t even done that anyway.

But the idea is that it’s an epic sci-fi world in the sense of the Foundation novels, sci-fi but there’s no real crazy cutting edge technology. Maybe science fantasy is a better term. The point is that technology isn’t a big part of it.

Through it all, there are three main characters that are irreplaceable:

[Sunset](/p/e86dde5ef894493cb5e1f93855b62c83) (the protagonist), a total blank slate (spoiler: based on the good thief)

[Lucy](/p/dc866b99f5794c99874dbaae8479870f) (sort of the equivalent of princess peach, except you spend the first part of the game getting to know her so it actually matters when the lion steals her away),

and the [Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c) (the antagonist, a huge white lion).

Because of two big [keys](/p/b416261f502a4586ad3f4dc1353346e7) which he keeps around his neck (the key to the armory and the key to the klubhouse), lion is in control of the [Warfighters](/p/64a95ac03b7546249ebe255b2b2fd8a6) and the [Messengers](/p/ad88bd18603b455db621ae9f9243c7e4), an army of undead soldiers that are 99% machine anyway and a group of giant white mechs, respectively.

**The universe is missing its soul, its animating principle**. The main people are absent, and the only ‘people’ left are the [“echoes” or the “shadows.”](/p/da622103663d4fad8372a8769414cc25). By this I mean that certain people from the distant past were so true of soul that they created echo-beings, and Sunset and Lucy are some of these echoes. Lion isn’t an echo, he’s just a security program/a pet that was left behind when the primordial people disappeared. The beautiful cities are there, but they’re all empty. **Moreover, someone’s erased all …**

But enough backstory. The main idea is that the game begins with Sunset showing up at one of the last [prisons](/p/fde64cac01824d63a685fa2cd4695b38) in the empire, where the last of the echoes do manual labor (killing snakes in a garden) and generally wait to fade into nothingness.

The shades who do not fade… one of them is a universal reconstructor. Lion can’t see this, but **Sunset can immediately see that it’s Lucy**.

It’s Lucy who sparks the real beginning of the story, as she comes up with a plan and gives the player a motive to escape from the prison. This part really ties into the FPS thing. My idea would be that everyone gets a gun, to kill the snakes. But if you pull the trigger while pointing at a [warfighter guard](/p/3eb84078414f44df903234d84028c5dc), the batteries overload, discharge all their energy, and kill you. Lucy’s solution to this is to use a shard of glass as a mirror (as they are Laser guns), making the first part of the game a really difficult Annie-Oakley style thing where you have to fight off lots of guys with richochet shots.

***

Somewhere in the middle of the story, Lucy becomes convinced that she has to join the lion. You are taking her out of the palace, sneaking her out…

Why would she think that? The key parts of the story still don’t make sense. If it’s the only way to bring the surveyor back.

***

In early communism there was this idea that the triumph of science would give people the power to resurrect the dead through study of their DNA...

So this would be an example of that.

***

Ok. The story has some more progress.

I know that somewhere I have a better summary of it.
