$$$ pronounced Cassius

Somehow have to give the princess (Anna) a convincing voice that has three features:

1.  Money (vast riches of royal fortune)
2.  Freedom (getting out of here)
3.  Love (last & merely implied…)

Questions:
Why is the lion just imprisoning the echoes? Why does he do something worse?

What’s he waiting for? What does he want?

He wants to control them, because he’s aware of the prophecy of the monster who devours the world

And he’s afraid

The only way to defeat the monster is through a song which renews the world.

***

THE WORLD IS WATCHING

states of mind produced armed soldiers… Some people created legions of swat with armor and weapons… that’s what the FPS is, that’s the building blocks of its language, armor and warfare. Insignia listing feelings, or memories
SOLDIERS OF MEMORY
HATRED

***

“The sixth heaven is an uncanny spot; there originate most of the trials and visitations ordained for the earth and its inhabitants. Snow lies heaped up there and hail; there are lofts full of noxious dew, magazines stocked with storms, and cellars holding reserves of smoke. Doors of fire separate these celestial chambers, which are under the supervision of the archangel Metatron.”

Beyond the inhabited parts to the east is Paradise with its seven divisions, each assigned to the pious of a certain degree. The ocean is situated to the west, and it is dotted with islands upon islands, inhabited by many different peoples. Beyond it, in turn, are the boundless steppes full of serpents and scorpions, and destitute of every sort of vegetation, whether herbs or trees. To the north are the supplies of hell-fire, of snow, hail, smoke, ice, darkness, and windstorms, and in that vicinity sojourn all sorts of devils, demons, and malign spirits. Their dwelling-place is a great stretch of land, it would take five hundred years to traverse it. Beyond lies hell. To the south is the chamber containing reserves of fire, the cave of smoke, and the forge of blasts and hurricanes. Thus it comes that the wind blowing from the south brings heat and sultriness to the earth. Were it not for the angel Ben Nez, the Winged, who keeps the south wind back with his pinions, the world would be consumed. Besides, the fury of its blast is tempered by the north wind, which always appears as moderator, whatever other wind may be blowing.
In the east, the west, and the south, heaven and earth touch each other, but the north God left unfinished, that any man who announced himself as a god might be set the task of supplying the deficiency, and stand convicted as a pretender.

***

Lucy and Sunset are in ghost prison. Ghosts, again, are the echoes of great people who have died.

***

MY NAME IS \[KANTO] (she holds up the label of a soup can over whatever used to be there, there are hundreds laying around her. It was a very popular soup)
THE ONES WHO FOUNDED THIS PLACE WILL BE FOREVER ILLUMINATED BY THE GLORY OF THEIR ACHIEVEMENT. HERE WAS FOUNDED A CITY THAT SHALL LAST THE TEST OF TIME, LIVING FOREVER, AGELESS AMONG THE IMMORTAL ANGELS THAT SERVE AS ITS GUARDIANS. WE ARE OVERJOYED BEYOND ALL EXPRESSION TO WELCOME YOU TO THIS PLACE.
EVERY FLAGSTONE HERE CANNOT HELP BUT SPEAK TO THE MASTERY OF ITS MAKERS.

***

The library of species. Each slot is occupied by a creature from an extinct race. Sunset is found along with Lucy and they are placed in the library. But because they were found outside it, they want to escape.

They are the few species which the lion has collected.

***

## Agenda Item:

“Decide whether **the river should be black** or the books should be blank. It can’t be both.”

The former seems more magical. It would be cool if she was so smart that she just skimmed through the book and determined that it was useless.

If someone (firefly) objects she can just say… “Well… look where it got them.”

Then again, it could be that the big rip somehow took all the information from them. And the river is always coursing by in darkness.

Now I am more partial to *blank books* because it makes her look less knowledge destroying.

***

How does Sunset get to the Imperial City from the wilderness? Maybe he hangs onto Lion’s flying saucer(?) and gets shaken off on the outskirts of the city, or the turbulence of re-entering the atmosphere, or something…

***

They are triggered at certain times when the alignment is right. There are energy fields running through the universe, antecedent to the [Air Protocol](/p/39af5dfd7ca34fd2ad511129944e10c9) system. They are mysterious and poorly understood. Even the primeval people did not manipulate them. It is not so much location as context/timing/etc.

Actually,

***

Comet…
Comet insignia on the back of his uniform.
Lucy’s is a star
There’s another one, with a basic “ringed planet” pattern
Called Comet because he fell to earth from the sky.
Nobody knows how he survived. It’s these echoes, they have so little substance to them that they’re practically invincible.
*Warfighter 2 kicks you*
It looks like he felt *that*.

***

River black has been officially cut!

When you awaken, you notice that the river has turned black with ink.

***
