> “Sometimes, I think all myths have two parts: a comprehensible narrative, which keeps the conscious mind occupied, and archetypal imagery, which carries the true meaning of the story without us realizing it.”

***

Two layers: fairy-tale and fundamental hard sci-fi reality underlying it all.

You could tell this story as a fairy tale.

## Fairy Tale:

Once there was a princess who was kidnapped by an evil monster.

A wandering knight was imprisoned as well.

They were hidden away because the monster was afraid of a prophecy which told of a creature which would come to bring the end of time, and he wanted to be ready. He did not want the world to end.

On the contrary, he wanted to return it to how it had been, long ago. He wanted to go home.

The knight and the princess were of noble blood, the descendants of ancient heroes.

The monster kept them because he was afraid of the creature which would destroy the world, and he wanted them to defeat it.

Notes: the most basic beats of the story are still unclear. The lion wants to go home. Why is he keeping the echoes locked up?

No, we already solved this. **The princess belonged to an ancient race which had the power to restore the world.**

***

A princess was kept in a prison at the far edge of the universe, in a place where everything gathers dust.

There was also an ancient knight. He was so old that he had forgotten his own name.

It was a place where old dreams and lost things go to fade away.

But some things never fade away.

Why does the lion keep them so far away? It needs to be a mixture of interest and disinterest.

Maybe he knows that they’re dangerous. But *he doesn’t understand the activation.*

He is going through photos of the echoes at the palace (as they are transmitted to him by [Cain](/p/ac3b4a20469c41c7b61802b2cb877eb1)), trying to see if there is anybody he remembers.

The [shadows](/p/da622103663d4fad8372a8769414cc25) have to be processed. They are brought to one place so that they can be resolved.

Found by a [Depopulation Team](/p/56cb1fe4b44c40209f6739ce34830eb8) in a villa somewhere in the empire.

Ok.

The [Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c) is gathering [shadows and echoes](/p/da622103663d4fad8372a8769414cc25) and putting them in a remote [prison](/p/fde64cac01824d63a685fa2cd4695b38) . He wants it to be far away because he has a poor understanding of how the reset works. He is also worried that if one of the pockets of energy were to destabilize, it would destroy the planet.

Interesting if they are imprisoned under some bureaucratic pretense...

When the ghosts resolve/settle (due to detention rendering them immobile) enough for their features to be discernible, they send the pictures to lion.

***

Alright. The lion herds up all the echoes and shadows he can find and puts them in hinterland prison.

The prison is remote because he knows that an echo which is keyed to a universal constructor would have an extreme amount of power. And *he’s worried about it falling into the wrong hands* (that of the [Wizards](/p/e3ff55f45f0143ebac643c1cc37813a3)) or possibly exploding and taking out the whole planet—or worse. He is also afraid of *the monster*, whom he thinks could be one of the shadows, too.

So we have secrecy as well as danger. That is sufficient.

The lion has been gathering echoes/shadows in secret, because he is trying to find the one which is keyed to a universal constructor. This is Lucy. But how does the theodolite play into this?

***

There was a monster who imprisoned a princess in a distant, lonely place. Every day she waited for her hero to arrive and free her, to bring her home.

The monster had imprisoned all the ghosts of all mankind because he was waiting to find the special one. The spirit with the magical power which can renew the world and return the monster to his ancient happiness, which he had lost so long ago.

He follows the [ancient king](/p/c7964e9075b3441eb4bd789fd283aa6a), or he thinks he does. Really he is his greatest enemy.

He wants to have the ancient king’s power for his own, so he can do what he wants with it. But the ancient king, although he had almost infinite power, **decided to destroy the key to whom the princess is the lock.**

The deepest key is the heart. That is the renewal, the substance.

The ancient disaster was not simply a gamma ray burst. That was only the precipitating factor.

The whole structure had crumbled long ago. It had rotted away on the inside and was ready for diffraction, to come apart and become shadowy and insubstantial, spectral.

Home is here, in the heart. Home is wherever there is love. And love is not far away in time or space. It is closer to us than our hearts, it is new every morning. Love never fails, love never ends.

Sadness falls across his face. Some of you will never, ever understand that.

The ancient king.

***

Maybe I shouldn’t make him too good or too clear. Leave it as a mystery.

***

***
