PC first meets Lucy while she intercedes to stop a guard from beating him arbitrarily.

The two are chained together by the ankles and thrown into tha pit.

At this point, the player will see Lucy start to doubt herself and maybe even regret her decision; the player has access to his fists at that time

If the player attacks or kills her, the game goes on without her. He’s violence now. [He has to drag her along for the rest of the game](/p/1685a994ac7b4f0f9d79cad42388e2a4)

. Ragdoll linked to the feet.

If he decides to spare her, she becomes friends with him. If nothing else, he listens to her.

To stop things from being too boring, Lucy serves as a tutorial character for the player. After a few early things, she leaves for a while (so he doesn’t get sick of her)

Lucy saves the PC because she reminds him of someone she knew before, even though she doesn’t know who exactly he is. This is what causes her ambivalence towards him

**Lucy should be the ghost of Sophia.**

When Sophia appears, she reassures Sunset that she is the same as Sophia, only grown up. She’s new, but she’s still the same in some small respects.

I was always there beside you. Always waiting for you to awaken to me.

Another antagonist: The Dragon

A dragon skeleton who keeps his form together out of pure hatred. Sort of a ham, manic  villain, like the Joker, Vas from Far Cry 3, handsome Jack

“You see, Sunset, there aren’t a lot of options for villains, like me. I could be you…” screen behind him transforms into a reflection of the player’s… “Or your father…” screen transforms into an older version of the player, “or a malevolent force from beyond the stars!!” screen transforms into a jellyfish. “Or even someone with good ends and bad means…” Screen transforms into the Lion’s face. “But what I really am is something else, something different. I’m a masochist.” A Gimp picture appears on screen. “I need you to destroy me. The game can’t go on without it. It’s why I was made. It’s what I live for. It’s your destiny. And when you do it, I win.” He laughs crazily. “It’s what I want. Come on.” He leans down and hisses in the player’s face. “Give it to me.”

^This is too overt. Would be really uncanny if the dragon was to act coy… like the fight would be literally impossible if the player tries their hardest to fight the dragon, but if he simply stands there, the dragon will stomp and roar and then get a little embarrassed, glance at the player to make sure nothing’s wrong, even sniff at him a little, maybe make some jumps towards him but pull away at the last moment… the amount of time the player waits without fighting or moving, the easier the fight becomes, until at last the dragon is writhing before you pathetically, it’s belly exposed, grabbing your sword and begging you to murder it.

“the player chases the monster until it catches him”
