Scene: “I need you.”
Even if you don’t like Lucy, pretty music plays whenever you two talk or whenever you’re close to her. [It’s the only music in the game](/p/4f10d741d1b949dda6606a9af27b0225). If nothing else, you’ll talk to her for that.

Sunset and Lucy in the valley of the ghosts.

“I feel sick…"

Total darkness. Totally windless night. Starry night.

[Cracks echoing through the darkness as bullets whiz by](/p/77860d6ebf5241c68d6f433d7ea7d9b2). There are ranger teams instead of more troops because they are patrolling that area (hunting escapees, they don't know how important they are) and because they don't want to disturb the graveyard.

They stay away from the light.

Finally it gets so bad that she can’t keep going and the player has to stay by her. He doesn’t have to but if he leaves her, that’s it!

While they wait, she talks. Because she’s laying down, she can see the stars. Meanwhile the character is nervously looking around with his own (silenced) rifle.

“Sunset…" *Wordlessly offers her hand*.

get to choose to press F to hold.
as she lays down:
“I’m so far from home… (laugh) I don’t even recognize these stars."

If he leaves her, it is a [permanent](/p/1685a994ac7b4f0f9d79cad42388e2a4) [stain](/p/b628d0989062456b8e631cb104ca326e) on his screen (explained by some HUD contrivance… if he saves her, she wipes it away.)

Lasts through multiple accounts, people remark on it.

gameplay is initially sluggish but as you level up, it improves. to prove it (to the player), first five minutes of the game are with maxed controls.
