Ancient obliviating [disaster](/p/1a72827bd6ea47aebfdbd041630be417).

As the world wakes up again, Lion seizes power. Out of curiosity, he goes to the [Library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303), to try to recover the old world. He finds to his alarm most everything has faded away. But he remembers Lucy, the surveyor, and the theodolite.

He remembers that it could answer any heart’s desire. He misses the surveyor and wants to return. The universal constructor has the power to return the world to a lost paradise. But it can only answer one heart’s wish.

It will mean the destruction of the universe to return to the past.

But the lost happiness… his heart burns to recover it.

So he orders the warfighters to gather up all the echoes…

He knows that he will remember Lucy when he sees her. He is capturing the princess because he believes that she knows the magic spell.

But along the way, someone else enters into the mix. Someone who Lucy remembers, who the Lion doesn’t. Sunset.
He is the PC. He is captured and brought to the prison.

There the two meet and remember each other, causing a small activation. (?) Which the lion detects from the palace, far away. Instigating his chase.
Rather, here she tells him that she wants to go home… they picked her up elsewhere. He reminds her of her home.
So they escape from the prison. She sings and awakens the lost messengers. They escape this.
They fight their way to a starbus system and find the library, and go there.
Once they get to the library, she finds the atlas. Home is crossed out and the coordinates are erased. With increasing desperation they search the whole library, or she does. All the books are blank except one, “The End,” which has nothing but an image of an eye and a heart.
The Lion takes her and you either flee or are exiled to the lonely.
You escape from Crackle and Weatherman guides you to a station on the other side of the planet.
Maybe [the Pure Blue Light](/p/4338fe85846e448a8de3cad2246860a5) is a kind of oracle hidden behind [the tapestry](/p/f5a592f4ea7f42349c436a398b07ca16). Lion brings Lucy to it because when it speaks, the pure blue light tells the truth of things.
He brings her to the palace and pretends that he will eat her, to avoid suspicion. The wizards just take this as more hedonistic fun.
But he’s asking her what she remembers of the Surveyor and the Theodolite. She doesn’t know or refuses to speak. He brings her before the pure blue light, who also refuses to speak.

It’s not til Sunset fights his way in that the activation occurs and the three of them see the Surveyor telling them the location of the theodolite. So Lion steals Lucy and takes her there.

But not before you have the chance to take one of the keys. He deactivates the air protocol on the way out, thus allowing the devils to overrun the empire. 

With the possible help of the messengers, the warfighters, or neither, you fight your way out of the city and trace the lion's pawprints.

Perhaps here you cross over some other words. Or you travel to increasingly remote parts of the galaxy, and your struggle is to pass from one waystation to another. Outsmarting the network to beat him to the punch. But in the end you get to the distant zones.
