# Directions and Plot Stuff

Cain pointing both ways.
Good morning, prisoners. In this direction, there is nothing… no life, all the way to the ends of the universe.
And in that direction, there are the armies of warfighters, and the Angels, and the Devils.

And all of them obey our master, who has commanded them not to leave anyone who leaves this place.
Why he wants to keep you alive, I don’t know. If it were up to me, I’d gladly set the atmosphere on fire and forget about this miserable planet as soon as possible…

***

When the player corners the lion, the king of the universe, he flees (**among cats**) to [the Land Beyond the Stars](/p/a2ad74c520014a0c8070f22f5930797d), a farlands type zone beyond the ends of the universe.

The player [dreams](/p/c6ada77226e24eab9558973d33216c8c) about this place all throughout the game.

So the script goes (roughly):

Prison -> Adventure -> Imperial City (1st lion fight) -> Land beyond the stars (final boss fight)
As Sunset travels past the prison, into the great void, he has to fight with the creatures from beyond the stars.

Plot threads: (**motivation**)

Lucy wants Sunset to help her escape (motivated to escape prison), because she ultimately wants to go [Home](/p/a20eec20a73b4baf90f96bd591b6d7ee). They escape, bonding in the process, but the lion eventually captures her, and takes her back to [The City](/p/10e73639c05f4ed1bc3262e2e8d8296c).
He sentences sunset to death at the hands of his [Messengers](/p/ad88bd18603b455db621ae9f9243c7e4), but he defeats the 8 that were left to kill him and chases the lion to the city.
In the city, Lion kills Lucy in front of sunset, which summons Nightfall.

Nightfall battles the lion to the edge of his life, but he manages to escape and flee to the land beyond the stars. (better name)

During this first fight, Sunset can choose (to take from lion’s neck) the key of the Angels (the key to heaven’s door), the key of the warfighters (the key to the world’s treasures).

There are few [Messengers](/p/ad88bd18603b455db621ae9f9243c7e4), but they are very powerful. There are more warfighters, but they are less powerful.

Maybe there should be a moral involved as well. As a group, Devils are most powerful, and Angels least (because so few). Good, neutral, or evil. Maybe you can’t side with the Devils. They are beyond even the Lion’s control.

Sweeping over and consuming both warfighters and Angels… yes I like that more. So the choice is really between warfighters and Angels. Different weapon bonuses for each one. One offers a skill tree that gives more damage (warfighters). The other more agility (Angels, faster movement speed, higher jumps, etc)

Whichever key you take, the lion gets the opposite powers (fast and hard to hit, or does high damage)
If neither (free man playthrough) the lion gets both.

Ghosts?
