Takes place on the [Prison planet](/p/fde64cac01824d63a685fa2cd4695b38)

***

While you are hunting snakes, you see a shade who is more well defined. As you look at her, she turns and notices you. And there is this strange moment of mutual recognition. But something calls her away. Later that night, in your cell, in darkness... you hear her voice... maybe she's seen that symbol before.

***

Guns on the prison zone explode if you try to fire them at a guard.

Lucy holds a pocket mirror and you have to shoot it when a guard appears in it (hard gameplay).

***

Every prisoner gets a random icon. Hieroglyphic PD the old language. Big on their back. Sunset gets sunset

*If you don’t agree to help Lucy, the day just loops. If you say no she’ll say meet me here or do something when you want to go.*

Remember what I told you. So it's either hard labor, which you can actually do forever until you disappear (99 days later—you're a [shade, after all.](/p/da622103663d4fad8372a8769414cc25)) or you can whisper through the wall, or do some action which precipitates the story.

Somehow you two remember something about each other. This prompts the first [activation.](/p/6186266638ff44bc9fa48d3cb912f53b)

***

**Lucy remembers that she wants to go home**. She asks you to help her in secret. You agree via action (if the player chooses no, the same day continues again and again. There are so many echoes that the lion is not likely to discover either of you). You reminded her of [Home](/p/a20eec20a73b4baf90f96bd591b6d7ee). She knew you there.

You work together. She has a shard of glass which she shows you and you briefly see yourself in it. You use it as a laser mirror to shoot the [Chain](/p/b3a6916a9ea54f8a99922e39bafc8d13) off or something.

But you're captured. You are chained together and thrown into the [Pit.](/p/95cf6cd4f677420aaa14a41e042b9d53)

## References

[Story Roadmap (with scenes)](/p/64c71b1bfb2a4717a53593ce05b258f8)
[Key to the Chain](/p/51a1a1ec23db485286b444783c6978fa)
[Prison Planet](/p/fde64cac01824d63a685fa2cd4695b38)
