In prison you meet someone who wants to go [home](/p/a20eec20a73b4baf90f96bd591b6d7ee). She tells you that she knows where your home is as well. You don’t remember, and you have nothing else to lose, so you follow her.

But she doesn’t know where it is. *Somehow* you learn about a [library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303). You go there.

Some time afterwards,\*\* her movement is interrupted.

At this point, you want to clear the obstruction. So you do so.

Why did he want to disrupt her travel?

Did he want to protect her from the knowledge that she had no home to return to? That is a cynical and dishonest action (no).

Did he want to take her for himself in order to go to his own home? **Yes**. That is it. For him, it was more important for himself to go home than for her or anybody else to be able to return home.

In his custody she discovers that her home has long since turned to dust.\* She collapses into **sadness.** It is the same as if one’s mother had unexpectedly passed away.

\*Maybe this occurs later. I want to involve a library. No. The library comes **before**, when they are adventuring. They want to find the coordinates. She remembers the name of her home. Following an ancient custom, it is never spoken.

\*\* You shouldn’t just be wandering around when the lion shows up. Something has to precipitate it. But where would you go after the library? Maybe he needs to find you and steal her at this point? And the library is destroyed in the ensuing battle. But you keep [The End](/p/96f5dcec0cba496fafc1e25040a57b07).

You are helped by your guardian star. He flies down from heaven and gives you a clue as to where to go next.
Maybe some great interchange… crossroads.

You adventure until you find where she is held.

When you are strong enough, you enter the city and rescue her. You must fight the antagonist. The victory is hard won. In order to save himself, he releases a horde of primordial monsters.

You can choose whether to command the messengers or the warfighters. On later playthroughs, you can reject both.

Oh, and along the whole ride, depending on how you conduct yourself, [you are pestered by either witnesses or devils](/p/6f324ef2228f4369a20a5e88999881b5).

Then you have to fight your way to where the lion is hiding and confront him.

What is your motivation at this point? Revenge?

Lucy has been living with the lion and tells you that he plans to rewind the world. But he learned that he does not need her to do so. He can do so at [The End](/p/a2ad74c520014a0c8070f22f5930797d) . The FMV sequence caused by the [Activation](/p/6186266638ff44bc9fa48d3cb912f53b) in the palace led to that.

But [The End](/p/a2ad74c520014a0c8070f22f5930797d) is not [The End](/p/96f5dcec0cba496fafc1e25040a57b07).

[The Surveyor](/p/c7964e9075b3441eb4bd789fd283aa6a)'s last message is: "I'll be at the end."

Lion misinterprets that as referring to [the End of the Earth](/p/a2ad74c520014a0c8070f22f5930797d).

But it refers to the true love which [The End](/p/96f5dcec0cba496fafc1e25040a57b07) (the book) represents.

So then you have to chase the lion to the end of the earth, fighting all the way.

To the very edge of reality.

He arrives there hoping to find something, but he can’t.
