## What is the nature of dreams?

Dreams are hallucinations which people experience during sleep.

## What causes a person to dream?

People naturally dream. They don't always remember their dreams, however.

Most dreams are natural. Some are special. People tend to remember prophetic dreams.

Special dreams may reveal facts about the future. They may also reveal a **deeper reality** to a situation which the dreamer does not consciously recognize.

Information about **the future** or about the **hidden truth** of a situation.

Dreams utilize a symbolic language.

So, what dreams will be in this game?

Dreams about the future of the plot, which we can access because it is essentially linear.

But also dreams showing the underlying reality to the situation. Could this be expressed as a **fairy tale**? As something comparatively banal?

Maybe he dreams of Nightfall and Sophia. Of yesterday. Some kind of nostalgic thing.

Dreams are connected to the [Heart (status system)](/p/6f324ef2228f4369a20a5e88999881b5).

Good heart means good dreams and vice versa.

[The Surveyor](/p/c7964e9075b3441eb4bd789fd283aa6a): King Hidden in the Mountain
[Sunset](/p/e86dde5ef894493cb5e1f93855b62c83): Hero
[Lucy](/p/dc866b99f5794c99874dbaae8479870f): Princess
[Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c): Monster

# Some other Dreams:

Dreams involving [Activation](/p/6186266638ff44bc9fa48d3cb912f53b). Memory of past events.

Dreams involving [Guardian Devils](/p/4f79eabdd870462cbc159e5477f56726) (nightmares).

Dreams involving [Witnesses](/p/71f7bbe694b74dde9a39c628cfc1e9ff).

## References

[The Surveyor](/p/c7964e9075b3441eb4bd789fd283aa6a)
[Guardian Devils](/p/4f79eabdd870462cbc159e5477f56726)
[Starbus](/p/e91ff4dce0f8469b803a6d314663f59c)
[Location: The End/Nowhere](/p/a2ad74c520014a0c8070f22f5930797d)
[TODO List (SOS)](/p/4742b7c786aa444fb1e01144c78d2890)
[MansBestFriend](/p/2e58a4c24f8e4bf2a6779f1fd191a209)
[The Library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303)
