# The Empire

A political unit which extends across the galaxy. Run by [Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c), who seized power after the [ancient cataclysm](/p/9cbe02df69b34efbbd4bb2d35ef029fc).

Through intricate legal measures, the lion is gradually consolidating power. At the moment, he has it so that the entire empire is his own personal property.

## Imperial Hierarchy

[Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c)

*[Princes](/p/0b4fce6215444ac7ace59680400ea00d)*

*[Messengers](/p/ad88bd18603b455db621ae9f9243c7e4)*

[Wizards/Magicians](/p/e3ff55f45f0143ebac643c1cc37813a3)

*[Fire Chief](/p/1ef4b06dc1a54d4b8711df3ec9c45c5d)/[Peace Officer One](/p/1f69094026e64289883eacfd026e270d)*

*[Firemen](/p/d5993f84a4d64966b451ad2d93de1693)/[Peace Team](/p/3cb671899d6e4f15a8d2fc4076e56356)*

[Citizens](/p/d7ca438af1474c278031d0c9dd870c42)

*[Warfighters](/p/64a95ac03b7546249ebe255b2b2fd8a6)*

***

[The Weatherman](/p/626c245aa9f84338bbd35a3874186b8a)

[Echoes/Shadows](/p/da622103663d4fad8372a8769414cc25) & [Devils](/p/a22030bec1ff40e587d2146fb95be185)

[Witnesses](/p/71f7bbe694b74dde9a39c628cfc1e9ff)

[MansBestFriend](/p/2e58a4c24f8e4bf2a6779f1fd191a209)

**End Hierarchy.**

## Hierarchy Info:

Creatures **below** the horizontal bar have no rights which are recognized by the state. They are treated as property. In some cases, their very existence is obscure/poorly known.

Creatures whose names are in *italics* lack serious agency. The princes of the empire have long since pledged fealty to the king. The messengers are the same, except they are weaker.

The Wizards are a decadent & corrupt nobility. They live for hedonism and idle fancy. They have opulent parties and use their [trained Devils](/p/f46513ec051945a2b5cc36154bef3656) to play obscene and frivolous tricks. They are full of gossip and wind. But together they are powerful enough that if they were collectively turned against the [Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c), he would be destroyed. So he has to palliate them while he consolidates his power.

The Lion wants to return to the time when [the Surveyor](/p/c7964e9075b3441eb4bd789fd283aa6a) walked the earth. The Wizards want the party to go on… they just want to have fun and be comfortable forever.

The [Citizens](/p/d7ca438af1474c278031d0c9dd870c42) want… what do the citizens want? Maybe they just want the infrastructure fixed. They want bourgeois **security** at all costs.They complain about devil attacks and *some of them* were the ones to first petition the lion about the shadows/echoes wandering around.

At first he ignored them, but as he researched in [The Library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303) he gradually recalled things about them.

The [Witnesses](/p/71f7bbe694b74dde9a39c628cfc1e9ff) want the prophecy to be fulfilled. They aid Sunset to this end. They work with [MansBestFriend](/p/2e58a4c24f8e4bf2a6779f1fd191a209).

Virtually no one knows that they exist. And MBF is the most obscure of them all.

## References

[Trained Devils](/p/f46513ec051945a2b5cc36154bef3656)
[The Surveyor](/p/c7964e9075b3441eb4bd789fd283aa6a)
[Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c)
