Shade info…

Shadows, echoes, **ghosts**, shards

Figurative way of speaking.

**Shades only last as long as someone remembers them. They fade as the quantity and strength of collective memory decreases.**

**Lucy and Sunset only exist, in large part, because they remember one another, albeit unconsciously.**

He remembers, but he cannot speak: “why are you looking at me like that?” She remembers, but she can’t tell him.

Even if he could speak, he can’t say why he remembers her… it’s an **unconscious memory**, the memory which the monster has of Lucy.

He always felt an affection for her.

“… I have seen you before, amidst the marvels of primeval times and at the end of time.”

The forgotten and remembered.

[Liberty](/p/f92b3507b1bf46cc81c6c04fb40efa41): Is there anything sadder than something forgotten? It no longer exists, even as a memory…

Forgetting is sad. But not as sad as memory.

***

When two shadows meet who remember, and if they remember, even on an unconscious level, they are [activated](/p/6186266638ff44bc9fa48d3cb912f53b). Sunset is a shard of Adam, Lucy is a shard of Sophia.

Because they remember each other, they can see each other in greater clarity than the shadows around them. The lion, however, and others, cannot see this. He is just waiting for them to evaporate, leaving only the ones who matter.

***

The beings of shadows is so frail that, normally, moving them causes them to fade. So they have to be taken to the prison and kept reasonably in one place.

***

3 Metaphors: shadow, echo, ghost

Shadow, echo, ghost

Shades or echoes

Images or whispers

Lucy is an Echo of a song…

Or a shadow of something real.
