# The library of species.

Each slot is occupied by a creature from an extinct race. [Sunset](/p/e86dde5ef894493cb5e1f93855b62c83) is found along with Lucy and they are placed in the library. But because they were found outside it, they want to escape.

They are the few species which the [Lion](/p/2001b9b679ed4d8abbd8cfb46998773c) has collected.

All the rest are dusty wisps too dim to be seen, or sounds too faint to be heard.

The [Dialogue](/p/b15f23fbae574c6b899fc6301ef24077) technique is understatement. If you strain for effect, you’ll never get anywhere.

I still can’t remember why she wants to escape. She wants to go [Home](/p/a20eec20a73b4baf90f96bd591b6d7ee). So she goes to [the Library](/p/2027d68ffecb47449da8062236a6f303) and discovers that it is struck off the map. Right at this impasse, she is kidnapped and you are exiled(?) to [The Lonely](/p/2e52e2f53aea40569e46d4db26a5cb37).

I want this to be the millennial star wars. We are a sadder generation.

Should also be environments on the outer worlds or even in the Main city that are like dusk. The beginning of night when the dim glow of the sun fades out of the sky. A parking lot with mute street lamps. Architecture which gestures at something but never quite arrives. “Liminal spaces”

***

Perhaps it is as simple, for Lucy, as “I want to go home.”

“Will you help me go home?”

But there is no home to go back to.

Stay with me. Nausea induced by some kind of withdrawal.
[Snipers](/p/77860d6ebf5241c68d6f433d7ea7d9b2).

[Accelerate each time you time the jump correctly. Can upgrade your max ](/p/3d34205aa9914310a2d32ffb1abe6beb)

Slide forward with arms outstretched (feet pointed forward as if one was laying on one’s back) and your arms become electric and slice though many enemies.

Maybe you turn over as this happens.

***

# Soul image

[Braces of little electric lightning crackling over enormous sprawling ruins and illuminating them](/p/d1d6ea4ea51f4f549e3cb4439cc977be)

***

# If we know his name we can kill him

Child’s drawing of a cat

“Kitty” scrawled

Stuffed behind the last shelf in the library. Found using the air protocol.

Have to drown him in an ocean. Cats don’t like water.

[Wizards](/p/e3ff55f45f0143ebac643c1cc37813a3) are ghostly grey men. Like monochrome dark people, faded.

[Loading Tip:](/p/a3f0b1281af34ed8a08fc0179e826d78) When you die, your name dies with you.

Divert a star water planet splash blast. Spins the planet off its axis.

Day and night flashing, rapid

Breaking [the air protocol](/p/39af5dfd7ca34fd2ad511129944e10c9) causes the [Devils](/p/a22030bec1ff40e587d2146fb95be185) to enter the world. It only functioned through dark energy.

^ that’s cool. Lion destroys the air protocol when he flees. Breaking comms. You can choose warfighters or messengers or neither.

This has to do with the [Keys](/p/b416261f502a4586ad3f4dc1353346e7).

# Dialogue

Is there anything that goes on forever?

I can only of a single thing.

***

Dues anything go on forever?

***

Have to push Lion into a black hole gravity well

In a gravity wave. [Witnesses](/p/71f7bbe694b74dde9a39c628cfc1e9ff). Sees [Lucy](/p/dc866b99f5794c99874dbaae8479870f). Then Sophia. Then [MansBestFriend](/p/2e58a4c24f8e4bf2a6779f1fd191a209).

The [Fireman](/p/1ef4b06dc1a54d4b8711df3ec9c45c5d) lives in the [fireplace](/p/886d0805be5c42acaf8a7247c1303d0e)

***

# Other things

[Peace Officer One](/p/1f69094026e64289883eacfd026e270d). Always soaked in blood. Chief of the [Depopulation Team](/p/56cb1fe4b44c40209f6739ce34830eb8).

Frame story. Sophia in the darkness.

I will sing to you about another world. Things no man has ever seen.

But some things no human eyes will ever see.

Some things will stay hidden until the end of time.

***

[Voice lines play only once](/p/1685a994ac7b4f0f9d79cad42388e2a4) and have heavy synth filtering to make them whispered and 8 bit. Story mode vs gameplay mode.

Choose between sunset or comet. So much can hinge on a single thing. There’s a list of codenames.

Everyone gets a name. What’s Lucy’s name? She has a name. If you have none, we assign one.

Daisy?

Maybe sprites with FMV cutscenes.

If it’s [perma death...](/p/1685a994ac7b4f0f9d79cad42388e2a4) maybe she can take care of herself
